Laws of the Republic of Texas.
5
majority of two-thirds of the votes of the qualified voters of a
county 'shall be required to remove the seat of justice in any of
the counties of this Republic that now are or hereafter may be
established; provided, however, that if in any county the seat
of justice should be established at a greater distance than five
miles from the centre of said county; a majority of all the votes
shall be sufficient for its removal, provided such removal shall
be within the limits of five miles from the centre of said county.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That when, in the opinion of
the chief Justice of any county, the necessary number of inhabi-
tants apply by petition or otherwise for a removal of the seat of
justice, it shall be the duty of said chief justice to order an elec-
tion for that purpose giving due notice thereof, which election
shall be held at the same places, and conducted in the same man-
ner as elections for members of Congress, and the result of said
election shall establish the seat of justice, in accordance with
the provisions of the first section of this act.
JOSEPH ROWE,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
MIRABEAU B. LAMAR,
President of the Senate.
Approved, May 9, 1838.
SAM. HOUSTON.
A BILL
To repeal a certain Act therein named.
(An Act to prohobit the bonding of duties.)
Whereas, the fifth section of an act, entitled an act to raise a
public Revenue by Impost Duties, authorizes the importer, fac-
tor or consignee, to give bond for the payment of the duties on
their importations, in instalments according to the amount of
duties; which act was approved on the twelfth day of June, 1837.
Sec. 1. Be it therefore enacted by the Senate and House of
Representatives of the Republic of Texas in Congress assembled,
That from and after the first day of June next, so much of the
aforesaid act as relates to the bonding of duties as aforesaid,
shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty
of the Collectors of the different Ports in this Republic,
( 1475 )