Laws of the Republie of Texas.
11
enabling the President to carry this act into effect, the sum of
fifty thousand dollars of the promissory Notes of the Govern-
ment be, and the same is hereby appropriated, to be paid out of
the first monies that may be paid into the Treasury.
JOSEPH ROWE,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
S. H. EVERITT,
President pro tem. of the Senate.
Approved, May 15, 1838.
SAM. HOUSTON.
AN ACT
To provide for the foreclosing of Mortgages on Real and Per-
sonal Estates.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the Republic of Texas in Congress assembled. That from
and after the passage of this act, the method of foreclosing
mortgages on land shall be as follows: any person entitled to
foreclose a mortgage on land, or his or their attorney shall peti-
tion the district court of the county where such land or a part
thereof is situated, stating the case, and the amount of his or
her demand, describing the property mortgaged, and the court
shall grant a rule, that the principal, interest and costs, shall be
paid into the court on or before the first day of the next suc-
ceeding term of such court, which rule shall be served upon the
defendant at least ninety days before the time of payment, if
the party defendant be a resident of the Republic; if not, it shall
be published at least one month in some public Gazette, unless
the principal, interests, and costs be paid, the court shall pro-
ceed to give judgment for the amount which may be due on such
mortgage, and order the property mortgaged to be sold to the
highest and best bidder, after the same shall have been adver-
tised thirty days in some public Gazette, and the money paid over
to the mortgagee or his attorney; but when there shall be any
surplus, the same shall be paid over to the mortgager or his
agent, and in case of any dispute as to the amount due on any
mortgage, if the mortgager shall appear at any time within the
time prescribed in this act, before judgment shall be given, and
(1481 )