12
Latos of the Republic of Texas.
make affidavit of such facts, the court shall order a trial of the
facts before a jury as in other cases.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all mortgages on
negroes and other personal property shall be foreclosed in the
following manner: Any person or persons holding a mortgage
on personal property, and wishing to foreclose the same, shall
make application to the chief justice of the county, and make
affidavit before him of the amount of principal and interest due
thereon, which affidavit shall be annexed to such mortgage, and
thereupon, the clerk of the county court shall issue execution as
in cases of judgment, which execution being delivered to the
sheriff shall be levied upon the mortgaged property, and after
being advertised for at least sixty days in some public Gazette,
shall be set up and sold to. the highest bidder; provided always,
that if any disputes’ should arise as to the amount due on such
mortgage, the chief justice of the county court shall order the
sale to be postponed upon the defendant’s entering into bond
and security in double the amount of the mortgage, for the de-
livery to the sheriff of the property so levied upon; and the same
shall be returned to, and triable at the next term of the court,
as in other cases.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all mortgages upon
real estate shall, upon the usual proof, be recorded in the county
where the land is situated, within ninety days from the passage
of this act, or from the date of the execution of such mortgage;
and upon personal property in the county ■where the mortgager
lives. No mortgage shall take lien upon property mortgaged
unless so recorded.
JOSEPH ROWE,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
S. H. EVERITT,
President pro tem. of the Senate.
Approved, May 15, 1838.
SAM. HOUSTON.
AX ACT
Establishing the county of Galveston.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the Republic of Texas in Congress assembled,
That a new county to be called the county of Galveston
be, and the same is hereby established within the fol-
( 1482 )