20
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
and all the proceedings in such cause duly certified under the
hand and seal of the chief justice of such county, shall be re-
turned to the Secretary of War.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That hereafter no letters of
administration shall be granted, nor any further action be had
under those that have already been granted, until publication
of such application for letters, or the existence of such letters
of administration shall have been made at least sixty days in ■
one of the public Gazettes, published at the Seat of Govern-
ment.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That no sale of any of the
effects of any deceased soldier or officer shall be made, unless
by order of the court granting letters of administration, ap-
proved by the Secretary of War, and published in some news-
. paper sixty days, and all sales made contrary to the provisions
of this section, (unless by heirs of full age) shall be entirely null
and void.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of
all administrators on the estate of deceased soldiers, to return
to the court granting letters, within ninety days, an inventory of
all the effects of such deceased soldier, and annually at the pro-
bate court in January in each year, to make return of all his pro-
ceedings, unless by special leave of the Court, longer time be
granted; a copy of which said inventory and returns shall be
immediately transmitted to the Secretary of War.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of
the Secretary of War once in every three months, to publish in
some public Gazette, the names of all administrators, (and on
whose estate) that may be returned to him.
JOSEPH ROWE,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
MIRABEAU B. LAMAR,
President of the Senate.
Approved, May 18, 1838.
SAM. HOUSTON.
AN ACT
Supplementary to “an Act to raise a Public Revenue by Im-
post Duties.”
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the Republic of Texas in Congress assembled,
(1490 )