Laws of the Republic of Texas.
31
may continue two weeks. In the county of Galveston on the
sixth Mondays after the fourth Mondays in March and Septem-
ber, and may continue until the business is disposed of.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That the second judicial dis-
trict shall be composed of the counties of Brazoria, Fort Bend,
Harrisburgh, Austin, Colorado and Matagorda. The District
Courts shall be holden in the county of Brazoria at the town of
Brazoria on the first Mondays in March and October,' and may
continue three weeks; In the county of Matagorda on the fourth
Mondays in March and October and may continue two weeks.
In the county of Colorado on the second Mondays after the
fourth Mondays in March and October, and may continue one
week. In the county of Austin, on the third Mondays after the
fourth Mondays in March and October, and may continue one
week. In the county of Fort Bend, on the Fourth Mondays after
the fourth Mondays in March and October, and many continue
one week. In the county of Harrisburgh on the fifth Mondays
after the fourth Mondays in March and October, and may con- ■
tinue until the business shall be disposed of.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That the third judicial district
shall be composed of the counties of Washington, Montgomery,
Robertson, Milam, Bastrop and Fayette.—The Courts shall be
holden in the county of Washington on the second Mondays in
March and September, and may continue two weeks; In the coun-
ty of Montgomery on the fourth Mondays in March and Septem-
ber, and may continue six days; in the county of Robertson on
the first Mondays after the fourth Mondays in March and Sep-
tember, and may continue six days; In the county of Milam on
the second Mondays after the fourth Mondays in March and
September, and may continue six days; In the county of Fayette
on the fourth Mondays after the fourth Mondays in March and
September, and may continue six days; In the county of Bastrop
on the fifth Mondays after the fourth Mondays in March and
September, and may continue two weeks.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That the fourth judicial
district shall be composed of the counties of Gonzales,
Jackson, Victoria, Goliad, Refugio-, San Patricio and
(1501 )