32
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
Bexar.. The Courts shall he holden in the county of Gonzales,
on the first Mondays in March and September, and may con-
tinue six days; in the county of Jackson on the second Mondays
in March and September, and may continue six days; In the
county of Victoria on the third Mondays in March and Septem-
ber, and may continue six days; in the county of Goliad on the
fourth Mondays in March and September, and may continue six
days; In the county of Refugio on the first Mondays after the
fourth Mondays in March and September, and may continue six
days; In the county of San Patricio on the second Mondays after
the fourth Mondays in March and September, and may continue
six days; In the county of Bexar on the third Mondays after the
Fourth Mondays in March and September, and may continue un-
til all the business is finished.
Sec. 6. Be it further enacted, That the fifth judicial district
shall be composed of the counties of Houston, Nacogdoches,
Shelby, Red River and Tannin: The courts shall be holden in
the county of Houston, on the first Mondays in April and Oc-
tober, and may continue six days; In the county of Nacogdoches
on the second Mondays in April and October, and may continue
three weeks; In the county of Shelby on the first Mondays after
the fourth Mondays in April and October, and may continue two
weeks; In the county of Red River, on the third Mondays after
the fourth Mondays in April and October, and may continue two
weeks; In the county of Tannin on the fifth Mondays after the
fourth Mondays in April and October, and may continue two
weeks.
Sec. 7. Be it further enacted, That the Supreme Court shall
be holden at the Seat of Government on the second Monday in
January of each year, and may continue in session until all the
business before it is finished.
Sec. 8. Be it further enacted, That the alternation of
the district judges, as now provided for, shall, from and
after the passage of this act, be, and the same is hereby
repealed; and the judges shall only be required to alter-
nate in case of the interest of either of the Judges in any
suit in his circuit, when such alternation shall be had by
( 1502 )