40
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
Sec. 8. Be it further enacted. That whenever one thousand
shares of said stock shall have been taken, the commissioners
shall give thirty days notice, in one or more Newspapers pub-
lished at the seat of government of this republic, that the num-
ber of shares required by the act of incorporation to organize
the company, have been subscribed, and that an election will be
held at Austinia, or at such place as the commissioners may de-
termine, to choose by a majority of the votes of the subscribers,
by ballot, to be delivered in person, or by proxy, duly authorized,
five directors, a treasurer, and such other officers as they may
think necessary to conduct the business of said company for one
year, or until other such officers shall be elected.
Sec. 9. Be it further enacted, That when the company shall
be duly organized in conformity with sections four and eight of
this act, the President and Directors shall have full power to
borrow money upon the faith of this charter, to accomplish the
object of the present act: and may hypothecate the stock or other
property, real or personal, and issue certificates for the payment
of the same, and also to do and perform as directors of said com-
pany, everything necessary and proper to carry it into complete
operation.
Sec. 10. Be it further enacted, That the President and Direc-
tors, with such surveyors, engineers, artists, and chain-carriers,
as they may think necessary, are hereby authorized to enter in
and upon the land and enclosures, and public roads and high-
ways in, through, and over which, the said intended turnpikes
or rail-roads may be thought proper to pass; and to examine and
survey the ground most proper for the purpose; and also that
the said President and Directors, shall have the right to sur-
vey, lay out, and make their roads, through any improved or un-
improved lands, on the most eligible route; and should the said
company or their agents not be able to make arrangements
with the owner or owners of the said land through which it may
be necessary to run said improvements, or should said owner or
owners, not be capable of contracting, or be absent or unknown,
the company may petition the judge of the county in which
said land is situated, giving a description of the lands which
they deem necessary and indispensable for their opera-
tions, with the names of the proprietors, if they can be as-
(151b)