Laws of the Republic of Texas.
41
certained; and the said judge shall then summon a jury of six
freeholders, not interested in the company, who shall make a
report of the value of the land so required, and upon the pay-
ment thereof by the company, either to the owner, or to the
treasurer of the county, a good and bona fide title shall be
granted by the judge, a copy of which shall be recorded in the
Recorder’s office of the county where the land is situated; pro-
vided, that the lands so required shall not exceed fifty yards
in width.
Sec. 11. Be it further enacted, That should said company
wish to occupy any portion of the public lands by their im-
provements they shall have a right to take possession of, and
pay to the government, .the minimum price of such lands; pro-
vided, that the land so required shall not exceed fifty yards
in width.
Sec. 12. Be it further enacted, That if any person or per-
sons whatsoever, shall wilfully, by any means whatever, injure,
molest, or destroy any part of the turnpikes or rail-roads, con-
structed by said company under this act, or any of their works,
buildings, fixtures, or machines, or other property, such person
or persons, so offending, shall each of them be liable for all dam-
ages occasioned thereby, and at any time within twelve months
after such offence shall have been committed, and upon convic-
tion be punished by a fine not exceeding ten thousand dollars;
or imprisonment, not exceeding twelve months, or both, at the
discretion of the court.
Sec. 13. Be it further enacted, That, the said company may
establish on their different routes, and make use of, all kinds of
boats, vehicles, wagons, or carriages of any nature whatsoever,
for the purpose of transportation; that so soon as the work is
completed, the managers, or directors thereof, shall report to
Congress, who shall have the sole power of regulating the rates
of tolls for passing said railway; and all Government stores,
arms, ammunition and men, that the Government may find it
necessary to pass over said road, shall be transported free of toll
or other charge.
Sec. 14. Be it further enacted, That the said company
may construct -bridges, and make such improvements in
the different bays, rivers, bayous, creeks, &c. as may
be deemed expedient by them or their agents, provided,
(1511)