62
Constitutive Acts
Potosi; New Santander, called also Tamaulipas; Tabasco; Tlascala; Vera
Cruz; Jalisco; Yucatan and Zacatecas. The Californias and the district
of Colima, (except the town of Tonila, which remains annexed to Jalisco)
will for the present be territories of the Federation and directly subject
to its supreme power. The districts and towns composing the province
of the Isthmus of Guasacualco will return to those to whom they for-
merly belonged. The Lagune of Terminos appertains to the state of
Yucatan.
Abt. 8. The constitution may increase the number of states mentioned
in the preceding article, and modify them as it may deem most conducive
to the happiness of the people.
Division of Powers.
Abt. 9. The supreme power of the Federation is divided into the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial, and two or more of these powers can never
be united in one person or corporation, nor can the legislative power be
entrusted to a single individual.
The Legislative Power.
Abt. 10. The legislative power of the Federation resides in a Cham-
ber of Deputies and a senate, to be formed by the general congress.
Abt. 11. The members of the Chamber of Deputies, and of the Senate
shall be named by the states in the manner prescribed by the constitu-
tion.
Abt. 12. The population shall be the basis of appointment of repre-
sentatives to the Chamber of Deputies. Each state shall name two sena-
tors in the manner prescribed by the constitution.
Abt. 13. The general congress shall have the exclusive right to enact
laws and decrees;
1.	To sustain the national independence, and to provide for the pre-
servation and security of the nation in its external relations.
2.	To preserve public peace and order in the interior of the Federation
and to promote its improvement and general prosperity.
3.	To maintain the independence of the states among themselves.
4.	To protect and to regulate the liberty of the press throughout the
Federation.
5.	To preserve the federal union of the states, definitely to adjust their
limits, and terminate their differences.
6.	To sustain the relative equality of obligations and rights which the
states are entitled to according to law.
7.	To admit new states and territories into the federal union, by in-
corporating them with the nation.
8.	To fix annually the expenses of the nation, after examining the
statements, which for that purpose will be presented to it by the execu-
tive power.
9.	To establish the contributions necessary to defray the general ex-
penses of the republic, to determine their investment, and to require an
account of their disbursement from the executive power.
10.	To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the dif-
ferent states of the Federation and the Indian tribes.
(62)