66
Constitutive Acts
shall be acknowledged by the Federation; reserving to the general con-
gress the right of establishing the rules, which must govern its liquida-
tion and classification.
Art. 34. The general constitution and this act guarantee to the states
of the Union the form of government adopted by this law, and each state
assumes likewise the obligation of sustaining the Federal Union at every
sacrifice.
Art. 35. This act can only be changed within the time and in the
manner expressed in the general constitution.
Art. 36. The execution of this act is confided to the executive power,
which is strictly responsible to carry the same into effect, and from the
time of its publication it shall be observed in every respect.
Mexico the 31st of January, 1824.
Here follow the signatures of the deputies.
In consequence we command that all tribunals, justices, chiefs, and
other authorities, civil, military, and ecclesiastical, of whatever class or
dignity, observe, and cause to be observed, accomplish and execute the
present decree in all its parts, and cause it to be understood, that it may
be carried into effect, and see that it be printed, published, and circulated.
Given in Mexico the 31st of January, 1824.
Jose Mariano Michilena, President; Miguel Domingo, Vincente Guer-
rero.
To the minister of foreign and internal affairs.
By order of their highness this is made known to you that you may
understand it, and see that it he executed.
God and Libertv, Mexico, the 31st of January, 1824.
JUAN GUZMAN.
THE FEDERAL CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED MEXICAN
STATES, SANCTIONED BY THE GENERAL CONSTITUENT
CONGRESS ON THE 4TH OF OCTOBER, 1824.
The General Constituent Congress to the Inhabitants of the
Federation.
Mexicans:—The General Constituent Congress in putting into your
hands the most arduous work which you could have entrusted to its care,
the fundamental Code, which fixes the fate of the nation, and serves as
an indestructible basis of the great edifice of your society, has thought
it their duty to address you, in order to explain briefly the objects they
had in view from the first moments of their union; the labors it has un-
dertaken, and what it expects from your docility and submission when
you begin to enjoy the gifts consequent on the federal system decreed
and sanctioned by the majority of your deputies.
Congress will not employ itself in describing the series of events which
have occurred in a revolution, which has lasted fourteen years, nor the
great sacrifices which became necessary before the nation were able to
secure the inestimable blessing of national independence. This is a task
which the history of the present times will one day accomplish. At
(66)