of the Mexican Federation.
69
create the tribunals necessary for the prompt punishment of offences,
the protection of property, and the security of its inhabitants; to ter-
minate its domestic affairs without going beyond the limits of the state;
in one word, to enjoy the rights of freemen.
The general congress was penetrated with the difficulties which the
nation must conquer, in order to plant a system which, to say the truth,
is complicated. It knows that it is an arduous undertaking, to obtain
from intelligence and patriotism that, which can only be the effect of
time and experience. But besides the consideration, that the soil of
America is not contaminated with the vices of old Europe, we have be-
fore us the examples of modern nations, which have formed themselves,
and enriched us with their knowledge. We have profited by the lessons
which the world has received, since the happy invention of social science
has loosened the cements of tyranny; and we ourselves have passed over,
in the space of fourteen years the long period of three centuries. With
such joyful presages, what ought not the Mexican nation to expect from
its general congress?
Ancient legislators, in promulgating their laws, accompanied them
with august preparations and ceremonies, calculated to produce that
respect and veneration, which ought always to be their safeguard. An
age of light and philosophy has dispersed these auxiliary prestiges of
truth and justice; and these laws are now presented to the people, in
order to undergo examination and discussion. A our representatives,
employing this plain and natural language, place this day in your hands
the code of your fundamental laws, the result of their deliberations, ce-
mented in the soundest principles which hitherto have been acknowl-
edged as the basis of social happiness in civilised countries. It was, for-
tunately, not required to compromise with those colosses, who in their
fall disfigured the revolutions of other countries. If in our annals, we
meet with an ambitious son of the country, his history will teach, by its
example to our descendants, the danger which attends the attempt of
appropriating exclusively to yourself advantages reserved to the entire
body of society.
Your representatives therefore hope, from the heroic patriotism and
pure virtues of the Mexicans, that, next to their national independence,
they will sustain, at every sacrifice, the republican government to the ex-
clusion of royalty in every shape. An implied and eternally obligatory
contract unites all the nations of independent America, not to admit into
its bosom any other form of government, the tendency of which to pro-
pagate itself is irresistible and dangerous. The institutions of the new
world present a new and unknown order; like itself in the history of the
great events 'which change the ordinary march of things; and as the fall
of the Caesars confirmed in Europe the monarchical government, after
the bloody and dangerous political revolutions which had preceded it,
so, on the continent of Columbus, the democratical must necessarily
finally prevail, after being revived with improvements on the ancient
republics, owing to the vivifying inspirations of modern genius.
The time elapsed since the beginning of our revolution, has been use-
fully employed in collecting suitable arms, to drive back to the shades,
whence they proceeded, all gothic governments, and to look for the con-
stitutive bases of human associations in the immortal works of those
sublime genii, who knew how to discover the lost rights of mankind.
(69)