of the Mexican Federation.
71
ciples, and these monsters have stained with tears and blood, the most
illustrious nation on the earth, while they, imbued with crimes, rose by
degrees to dignities whence they insulted the credulity of their fellow
citizens. Washington proclaimed the same maxims, and this immortal
man made the happiness of the States of the North. How are we to
distinguish the first from the second; but by examining their manners,
observing their progress, and remembering that without justice there
can be no liberty, and that the bases of justice are founded on a just
equilibrium between the rights of others and our own. This is the re-
sult of the problem of moral science.
Sheltered by this aegis, Mexicans, you have nothing to fear from
your enemies. It is of no importance that our obstinate oppressors,
dare even yet in speaking of us to employ the degrading word of colo-
nists, while the Mexican name is already inscribed among cultivated
nations, among those of other sovereign powers. It is of no importance
that proud Spain, at present impotent, and an object of compassion to
the rest of Europe, makes her feeble voice heard in the cabinets of for-
eign monarchs; all her pretensions will vanish before the consolidation
of our institutions, and the strength the of arms of the sons of the
country consecrated to the defence of their native land.
Let us, therefore, show the world, that only tyranny and the influence
of despotic governments could retain us in the sad degradation in which
we were confined for so many years, and that at the moment of shaking
off this dominion, nothing can prevent us from returning to the great
family of mankind, from which we appeared to be severed. Europe and
the rest of America have their eyes fixed upon us, and our national
honor is strongly engaged in our future conduct.
If we deviate from the path of the Constitution, if we do not re-
gard it as one of our most sacred duties, to maintain order, and scru-
pulously to observe the laws contained in our new code; if we do not
unite to save this deposit, and to shelter ourselves from the attacks of
the malevolent; Mexicans, we will be disgraced for the future, without
having been formerly happy, and we shall bequeath to our children,
misery, war and slavery, while to ourselves there will remain no other
resource than to choose between the sword of Cato, and the unfortunate
fates of a Hidalgo, a Mina or a Morelos.
Mexico, the 4th of October, 1824.
Lorenzo de Zavala, President; Manuel de Viya y Cosio Deputy Secre-
tary; Epigmenio de la Piedra, Deputy Secretary.
Department of the first Secretary of Stade.—Section of the Govern-
ment—The Supreme Executive Power has thought proper to direct to
me the following decree:
The supreme executive power, appointed provisionally by the sov-
ereign, general and constitutive congress of the United Mexican States,
to all to whom these -presents may come, greeting; be it known, that
the same sovereign congress has been pleased to decree as follows:
The sovereign, general and constitutive congress of the United Mexi-
can States has thought proper to decree:
That the government shall proceed solemnly to publish without loss
of time, the constitution in this capital, and shall immediately com-
municate the same to the governors of the states and political author!-
(71)