72
Constitutive Acts
ties in order to enable them to do the same in all the towns within their
limits.
The supreme executive power shall regard it as understood, and take
the necessary measures to carry it into effect, causing it to be printed
published and circulated.
Lorenza de Zavala, President; Manuel de Viya y Cosio, Deputy Secre-
tary; Epigmenio de la Piedra, Deputy Secretary.
In consequence we enjoin on all tribunals, justices, commanders, gov-
ernors and other authorities as well civil as military and ecclesiasti-
cal, of whatever class and dignity, that they observe and cause to be
observed, accomplished and executed the present decree in all its parts.
You will therefore hold it understood for its execution and take suit-
able dispositions to have it printed, published and circulated.
In the National Palace of Mexico, 4th October, 1824.
Guadalupe Victoria, President; Nicholas Bravo Miguel Dominguez,
A. D. Juan Guzman.
Which is made known to you for your information and its accom-
plisment.—May God preserve you many years.
Mexico, 4th October, 1824.
JUAN GUZMAN.
The Supreme Executive Power appointed provisionally by the sover-
eign congress of the nation, to all to whom these presents shall come,
greeting; Know ye that the said sovereign congress has decreed and
sanctioned the following
FEDERAL CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED MEXICAN
STATES.
In the name of Almighty Goel, supreme author and legislator of so-
ciety. The general constituent congress of the Mexican nation in dis-
charge of the duties imposed upon it by its constituents in order to fix
their political independence, to establish and consolidate their liberty
and to promote their prosperity and glory decree as follows:
CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED MEXICAN STATES.
TITLE 1.
Only Section.
Of the Mexican Nation, its Territory and Religion.
Art. 1. The Mexican nation is for ever free and independent of the
Spanish government and of every other power.
Art. 2. Its territory comprehends the former vice-royalty of New
Spain, the captain-generalship of Yucatan, the former commandancies
of the internal provinces of the east and west and Upper and Lower
( 72 )