76
Constitutive Acts
Section Fourth.
Of the Economical Functions of the two Chambers and of the Pre-
rogatives of their Members.
Art. 34. Each chamber in its preparatory boards, and in all which
has reference to its interior government, will observe the regulations
which shall be formed by the present congress, without prejudice to
such reforms, which may in future be introduced, if both chambers shall
deem it proper.
Art. 35. Each chamber is judge of the elections of its respective
members, and shall resolve all doubts which may arise relative to the
same.
Art. 36. The chambers cannot open their sessions without the con-
currence of more than the half of all the members- elected; but the
members present of both chambers ought to unite on the day indicated
by the regulation for the interior government of both, and compel re-
spectively their absent members to attend under the penalties prescribed
by law.
Art. 37. The chambers shall communicate with each other and with
the executive power by means of their secretaries, or by means of depu-
tations.
Art. 38. Each of the chambers in their capacity of grand jurors can
take cognisance of the following offences, viz:
1.	Of the President of the Union, for the crimes of treason against the
national independence, or the established form of government, and for
bribery and corruption committed during the period of his employment.
2.	Of the same president; for acts manifestly intended to hinder the
elections of presidents, senators and deputies, or to prevent them from
serving in their respective employments during the periods pointed out
by the constitution, or for preventing the chambers from exercising any
of the powers conferred on them by the constitution.
3.	Of the members of the supreme court of justice, and the secre-
taries of the departments; for any offences committed during the time
of their holding their employments.
4.	Of the governors of the states; for infractions of the constitution,
the laws of the Union, or the orders of the President of the Federation,
which are not obviously contrary to the constitution and the general
laws of the Union, and also for the publication of the laws or decrees
of the legislatures of their respective states contrary to the same con-
stitution and laws.
Art. 39. The Chamber of Representatives shall be exclusive grand
jurors, when the President and his ministers shall be accused of acts
in which the senate and the council of the government have inter-
vened by virtue of their attributes. The same chamber shall also serve
as grand jurors in all cases where the vice president shall be accused
of any offence committed during the time of holding his office.
Art. 40. The Chamber before which may have been made the accu-
sations spoken of inthe preceding articles, shall form itself into a grand
jury, and shall declare by the vote. of two-thirds of its members present,
if there be sufficient cause for having the accused tried, in which event
( 76 )