78
Constitutive Acts
Abt. 50. The exclusive powers possessed by the General Congress are
the following, viz:
1.	To promote instruction by securing for a limited time to authors
the exclusive privilege to their works; by establishing colleges for the
Marine, Artillery and Engineer Departments; by erecting one or more
establishments, for the teaching of the natural and exect sciences, the
political and moral sciences, the useful arts and languages; without pre-
judice to the rights which the states possess, to regulate the public edu-
cation in their respective states.
2.	To promote the general prosperity, by decreeing the opening of
roads, canals, and their improvement without hindering the states from
opening and improving their own; establishing post offices and post
roads, and securing for a limited time to inventors, or those who have
perfected, or introduced any new invention, the exclusive privilege for
their respective invention, improvements or new7 introductions.
3.	To protect and regulate the political liberty of the press in such a
manner that its exercise can never be suspended, and much less be abol-
ished in any of the states or territories of the confederation.
4.	To admit new states and territories into the federal union, and to
incorporate the same with the nation.
5.	To’regulate definitively the boundaries of the states, and terminate
the differences, when they cannot agree among themselves about the
lines of demarcation of their respective, districts.
6.	To erect territories into states and regulate them in conformity
with those already existing.
7.	To unite two or more states, upon their petition to that effect, into
one, or to erect new7 states within the limits of those already in existence,
with the approbation of three fourths of the members present in both
chambers, and the ratification of an equal number of the legislatures of
the other states of the Union.
8.	To fix the general expenses, establish the contributions necessary
in order to defray them, to regulate their collection, determine their ex-
penditure, and to require annually account of the same from the gov-
ernment.
9.	To contract debts on the credit of the confederation, and to fix the
guarantees of their repayment.
10.	To acknowledge the national debt, and indicate the means to con-
solidate and extinguish the same.
11.	To regulate the commerce with foreign nations, between the dif-
ferent states of the Union and with the Indian tribes.
12.	To give instructions for the forming of Concordates with the Holy
See, to approve and ratify the same, and to regulate the right of patron-
age (patronato) in the -whole Union.
13.	To approve treaties of peace, alliance, friendship, confederation,
armed neutrality, and all others which the President of the United
States may enter into with foreign powers.
14.	To establish ports of all kinds, erect custom-houses, and designate
their location.
15.	To determine and render uniform the -weight, fineness, value,
stamp and denomination of the coins throughout the Union, and to
adopt a general system of weights and measures.
(78)