82
Constitutive Acts
TITLE IV.
OF THE SUPREME EXECUTIVE POWER OF THE CONFEDERATION.
Section First.
Of the Persons to whom this Power is confided, and their Election.
Art. 74. The supreme executive power is entrusted to a single indi-
vidual, who shall be styled President of the United Mexican States.
Art. 75. There shall also be a vice president, who shall discharge
all the duties of the president, in case of physical or moral inability of
the latter.
Art. 76. In order to be president or vice president it is necessary
to be born a Mexican citizen, to be thirty-five years of age at the time of
election, and residing in the country.
Art. 77. The president cannot be re-elected until the fourth year
after his functions have ceased.
Art. 78. He .who has been elected president or vice president of the
republic, will discharge these functions in preference to all others.
Art. 79. The 1st of September, of the year immediately preceding
that on which the president ought to enter on his office, the legislature of
each state must elect, by an absolute majority of votes, two individuals,
of which one at least shall not be a resident of such state.
Art. 80. When the vote has been taken, the legislatures shall for-
ward to the president of the council of government, evidence of the act
of election in due form, in order that he may dispose of the same in the
manner prescribed by the regulations of the council.
Art. 81. On the 6th of January following, the evidence, spoken of
in the preceding section, shall be opened and read in joint session of the
chambers, if two-thirds of the votes of the states have been received.
Art. 82. When this evidence has been read, the senators shall retire,
and a committee, appointed by the chamber of deputies, and composed
of one member from each state represented, shall give an account of the
result.
Art. 83. The chamber shall forthwith proceed to examine the elec-
tion, .and enumerate the votes.
Art. 84. He who unites the absolute majority of the votes of the
legislatures shall be president.
Art. 85. If .two were to possess a majority, he shall be president who
has the greatest number of votes, and the other vice president. In case
of equality, the chamber of deputies shall elect one as president, and the
other shall be vice president.
Art. 86. If neither have the absolute majority of votes of the legis-
latures, the chamber of deputies shall elect the president and vice presi-
dent, choosing for each one having the greatest number of votes.
Art. 87. When more than two individuals possess a majority, or
equal number of votes, the chamber shall choose among them the presi-
dent or vice president, as the case may be.
Art. 88. If one have the absolute majority, and two or more an
(82)