86
- Constitutive Acts ■
19.	To see that prompt and perfect justice is administered by the
supreme court and other tribunals of the Union, and that their decrees
be carried into effect, according to law.
20.	To suspend from their employments, for a space not exceeding
three months, and deprive of not more than half their salaries for the
same period, all persons employed by the Union, who violate his orders
or decrees, and, if he thinks such persons should be tried, to send them
before the competent tribunals.
21.	To approve or retain decrees of councils, pontificial bulls, letters,
and rescripts, with consent of the general congress, consulting the sen-
ate, and, in the recess, the council of government, when they treat on
subjects peculiar to the administration, and the supreme court, when
on subjects of litigation.
Abt. 111. The president, in publishing the laws and decrees, shall
use the following formula: “The President of the United Mexican
States makes known to the inhabitants of the Republic, that the Gen-
eral Congress has decreed as follows: [here insert the text]-.” Where-
fore, I order that the same be printed, published, and circulated and
carried into effect.
Abt. 112. The restrictions of the president’s powers, are the fol-
lowing:
1.	The president cannot command in person the army or navy with-
out the previous consent of the general congress, or, in its recess, the
council of government, by a vote of two-thirds of the members present,
and when he commands them with such permission, the vice president
shall act as president.
2.	The president cannot deprive any one of his liberty, nor impose
any punishment; when the welfare and security of the Union requires,
he may, however, arrest persons, placing them, within forty-eight hours,
at the disposition of the competent tribunals.
3.	The president cannot occupy the property of any individual
or corporation, nor disturb them in their possession or use of the same;
and if in any case it should be necessary for some object of acknowl-
edged utility to take the property of an individual or a corporation, it
cannot be done without previous approbation of the senate, and in the
recess, the council of government, always indemnifying the party the
value fixed by appraisers chosen by himself and the government.
4.	The President cannot impede elections nor the other acts spoken of
in the 38th article.
5.	Neither the President nor the Vice President can leave the repub-
lic during the time of their office, nor for a year afterwards.
Section Fifth.
Of the Council of the Government.
Abt. 113. During the recess of Congress there shall be a Council of
Government composed of half the senate, one from each state.
Abt. 114. For the first two years the council shall be composed of
those first elected by their respective legislatures, and in the sequel by
the oldest.
Abt. 115. The Vice President shall be president of the council, and
(86)