of the Mexican Federation.
89
elect successively among the individuals who have obtained the greatest
number of votes of the legislatures, observing in relation to such election,
what has been prescribed in the first section of tit. 4th, which treats of
the election of President and Vice-President.
ART. 134. If a senator or deputy be elected minister or fiscal of the
supreme court, he will prefer such election.
Abt. 135. When a vacancy occurs in the supreme court, it shall be
filled agreeably to the provisions of this section, information having
been previously given to the governors and legislatures of the states.
Aet. 136. The members of the supreme court, before entering into
office, shall take the following oath before the president of the republic;
"Ye swear by God our Lord to conduct yourselves faithfully and legally
in the discharge of the duties confided to you by the nation, and if ye
act thus God will reward you, if not, punish you.”
Section Third.
Of the Attributes of the Supreme Cowt.
Abt. 137. The following are the attributes of the supreme court:
1.	To take cognisance of disputes, which may arise between the
different states of the Union, whenever there arises litigation in relation
to the same, requiring a formal decree, and that arising between a state
and one ot more of its inhabitants, or between individuals in relation
to lands, under concessions from different states, without prejudice to
the right of the parties to claim the concession from the party which
granted it.
2.	To decide disputes which grow out of contracts and transactions
between the supreme government and its agents.
3.	To consult upon the acceptance or refusal of papal bulls, letters
and rescripts, granted on litigated points.
4.	Decide on the competency of the tribunals of the Union, and on
conflicting jurisdictions between them and the state tribunals.
5.	To take cognisance,
First. Of accusations against the president and vice-president ac-
cording to arts. 38 and 39, after the previous declaration of art. 49.
Secondly. Of criminal prosecutions of the deputies and senators in-
dicated in art. 43, after the declaration spoken of in art. 44.
Thirdly. Of those against the governors of the states in the cases
mentioned in art. 38. part 3d, after the declaration spoken of in art. 40.
Fourthly. Of those against the secretaries of state agreeably to art.
38 and 40.
Fifthly. Of the civil and criminal affairs of the diplomatic agents
and consuls of the republic.
Sixthly. Of causes in admiralty, prizes by land and water, and con-
traband; of crimes committed on the high seas; of offences against the
united Mexican nation; of the officers of the treasury and justice of
the Union; of infractions against the constitution and general laws,
according to the dispositions of law.
Aet. 138. It shall be determined by law, in what manner the su-
preme court shall take cognisance of the cause mentioned in this section.
(89)