90
Constitutive Acts
Section Fourth..
Mode of judging the Members of the Supreme Court.
ART. 139. To judge the members of the supreme court, the chamber
of deputies shall elect every two years, in the first month of their ordi-
nary session, and voting by states, twenty-four individuals, not mem-
bers of congress, and possessing the qualifications of the members of
the supreme court. From these shall be chosen by lot a fiscal, and a
number of judges equal to the first chamber of the court, and when it
is necessary, the chamber of deputies, and, in the recess, the council of
government, shall elect in the same manner the other chambers (salas).
Section Fifth.
Of the Circuit Courts.
Abt. 140. The circuit court of a judge skilled, in law and a fiscal,
both named by the supreme executive power from three candidates,
designated by the supreme court, and of two associates, according to
law.
Abt. 141. To be circuit judge, it requires to be a citizen, and thirty
years of age.
Abt. 143. To these courts belong, to judge causes in admiralty; cap-
tures by land and sea, contraband; crimes committed on the high seas;
offences against the United States of Mexico; suits against consuls, and
civil causes in which the Union is interested exceeding five hundred dol-
lars in value. A special law shall designate the number'of these courts,
the manner and form in which they ought to exercise their powers:
they are under the inspection of the supreme court.
Section Sixth.
Of the District Judges.
Abt. 143. The United Mexican States shall be divided into a certain
number of districts, in each of which there shall be a judge skilled in
law (letrado), and who shall take cognisance, without appeal, of all causes
in which the Union is interested, and whose value does not exceed five
hundred dollars, and in the first instance of all causes which belong to
the jurisdiction of the circuit courts.
Abt. 144. To be judge of the district court, it is necessary to-be a
citizen of the Union, and twenty-five years of age. The president ap-
points these judges from three candidates named by the supreme court.
(90)