of the Mexican Federation.
93
TITLE VII.
Only Section.
Of the Observance, Interpretation, and Reform of the Constitution
and Constitutive Act.
Aet. 163. All public functionaries without exception, before enter-
ing on their offices must take an oath to observe the constitution and
the constitutive act.
Aet. 164. Congress will enact laws to punish those violating the con-
stitution.
Aet. 165. Congress alone has the right to interpret the constitution
in doubtful cases.
Aet. 166. The legislatures of the states may make observations on
the different provisions of the constitution and constitutive act, but
congress shall take them into consideration till the year 1830.
Aet. 167. The congress of the present year will select such observa-
tions as deserve to be referred to the next congress, which must be com-
municated to the president who will cause them to be published without
any observations.
Aet. 168. Next congress in the first year of its ordinary session, shall
take into consideration these observations, and make such reforms as
it thinks necessary. But the same congress can not propose amendments
and act on them.
Aet. 169. The reforms and additions which may; be proposed after
1830, shall be considered by congress in the 2d year of their session, and
if regarded as necessary according to the preceding articles, this resolu-
tion shall be published for the consideration of the next congress.
Aet. 170. To reform or add to this constitution or the constitutive
act, all the rules shall also be observed, which are required for the for-
mation of laws except that the president shall not have the right to make
the observations of art. 106.
Aet. 171. Those articles of this constitution and of the constitutive
act which establish the liberty and independence of the Mexican nation,
its religion, form of government, liberty of the press and the division
of the supreme powers of the Union and of the states can never be
changed.
Given in Mexico on the 4th of October in the year of our Lord 1824,
in the 4th year of the Independence, 3rd of Liberty and 2d of the con-
federation.
(Signed)
LORENZO DE ZAVALA, President, &c.
(93)