8
Journals of the Consultation.
work of laying the corner stone of liberty in the great Mexican
republic.
On motion, Mr. Pettus was appointed sergeant-at-arms of the con-
vention, with the privilege (in the event of his having more important
duties to perform,) of appointing a deputy.
The following resolution, offered by Mr. S. Houston, was unanimously
adopted:
Whereas, The general Convention of all Texas, assembled, have learned,
with great pleasure, that a detachment of the army of the people, under
the command of Col. James Bowie and Capt. J. W. Fannin, on the
morning of the th of October, encountered a detachment of the army
of General Cos, consisting of about four hundred men, cavalry and in-
fantry, while their force only consisted of ninety-two, rank ond file, near
the mission of Conception, and obtained a complete victory over them.
While the loss of the Anglo-Americans was one man dangerously wound-
ed; and the loss of the enemy, sixteen found dead on the field of battle,
with the supposed loss of sixteen more borne off. Therefore,
Resolved, That the thanks of the convention be rendered to Gen. Aus-
tin, Col. James Bowie and Capt. J. W. Fannin, with the troops engaged
in the action, as a tribute due to their heroism, gallantry and valor, in the
defence of the rights of Texas and constitutional liberty.
Mr. E. Hall, agent of a committee in New-Orleans, presented certain
documents, which were read, and on motion of Mr. Wharton, ordered
that they be laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. Robinson, a committee of five was appointed to take
into consideration the communications from the New-Orleans commit-
tee; and Messrs. J. A. Wharton, S. Houston, Robinson, Royal and D.
Parker were appointed on that committee, with instructions to report
thereon.
Mr. Royal asked and obtained leave to read a report from the general
council, containing an exhibit of the proceedings of that body.
San Felipe de Austin, Nov. 1st, 1835.
To the honorable Consultation of the chosen delegates of all Texas, in
general convention assembled—
The general council begs leave to report, that now on the organiza-
tion of your honorable body the duties of the council terminate, and it
is with much satisfaction that we surrender into your hands the records
of our proceedings. In the discharge of its duties, it became necessary
for the council to take the responsibility of acts of magnitude, if in
doing so we have transcended the authority that was intended to be dele-
gated to us, we hope that the liberality of your assembly will attribute
it to motives of rendering important, if not indispensable, aid to the cause
in which Texas is engaged.
As the most trivial acts of the council are on record, and too numerous
to be couched in this report, it will present to your consideration at the
moment, the most important acts, and those incurring the greatest re-
sponsibility, that you may improve or reform as your wisdom may ap-
prove.
On the fourteenth of October, Mr. Sims Hall was commissioned as con-
tractor of the army, from whose report there are reasons to believe that
upwards of one hundred beeves and a considerable quantity of corn meal
(512)