14
Journals of the Consultation.
RULE XX.
Two thirds of a majority of the members elect shall constitute a quo-
rum to do business.
W. P. HARRIS, Chairman.
D. C. BARRETT,
WYLEY MARTIN,
THOMAS BARNETT.
November 3d, 1835.
On motion of Mr. Royal,
Resolved, That it shall be the duty of the secretary, to take charge of
the papers and records of the committee of safety of Austin; provide a
copy of the resolutions of Columbia; receive the papers and records of
the council, and keep them till called for by the competent authority.
On motion of Mr. Parker, the following was added to the rules of the
house:
Resolved, That after reading the proceedings of the preceding day, the
standing committee’s reports shall be the order of the day.
On motion of Mr. Martin,
. Resolved, That the secretary be authorised to provide the ncessary sta-
tionery for the use of the house, and charge it to the general consulta-
tion.
Mr. John A. Wharton, from the committee to whom was referred “the
making a declaration setting forth to the world the causes that im-
pelled us to take up arms, and the objects for which we are fighting,”
made a report.
On motion of Mr. Parker, the house adjourned to two o’clock, p. M.
two o’clock, p. m.
The house met pursuant to adjournment, and resumed the considera-
tion of Mr. Wharton’s resolution calling for a “declaration setting forth
to the world the causes that impelled us to take up arms, and the objects
for which we fight.” After some time spent in consideration of the
above, the house, on motion of Mr. Williamson, adjourned to nine o’clock
to-morrow morning.
SAN Felipe de AUSTIN, Nov. 5, 1835, 9 o’clock, a. m.
The house met pursuant to adjournment; the journals of yesterday’s
proceedings being read, the house proceeded to the order of the day, the
consideration of Mr. Wharton’s resolution.
Elijah Collard, from the jurisdiction of Washington, presented his cer-
tificate of election as a delegate to this coniultation and took his seat.
Mr. Parker obtained the floor and addressed the house on the subject
before it.
Mr. Barrett offered some remarks in reply to Mr. Wharton, and in favor
of a declaration under the constitution of 1824. He asked and obtained
leave to submit his further views in writing; and on leave being granted,
his communication was referred to the committee of twelve.
Mr. Mitchell moved that Mr. Barrett be added to the committee of
(518)