Journals of the Consultation.
17
Two o’clock P. M.
The house met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Clements offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the route of the rangers who are employed, or may be
employed, to protect our frontier, shall be extended from the Colorado
river,their present limits, to the settlements on the Guadaloupe river,&c.;
and that a proportionate number of mem be appointed for that purpose,
equal to that employed on the balance of the frontier,
Which, on motion of Mr. Perry, was laid on the table one day.
The committee to whom was referred the subject for providing for the
necessities of the army, beg leave to report that they have received from
Thos. F. McKinny, by the hands of Dr. C. B. Stewart, a loan of five hun-
dred dollars, of which they have expended, in payment of drafts on the
authorities, the sum of two hundred and thirty-eight dollars, as will ap-
pear by the accompanying account, which leaves a balance in the hands
of Dr. Stewart of one hundred and sixty-two dollars, and one hundred left
with Messrs. Robert Mills & Co., of Brazoria, leaving a balance on hand,
■ in all, of two hundred and sixty-two dollars. Paid to express twenty dol-
lars after making out the account, leaves two hundred and forty-two dol-
lars.	HENRY MILLARD, Chairman.
R. R. Royal, Secretary.
On motion of Mr. Everitt, the committees to whom several matters
were referred, were permitted to withdraw from the house, and attend to
the duties of their several committees.
There being no business before the house, on. motion of Mr. Everitt it
stood adjourned until seven o’clock this evening.
Seven o’clock, p. m.
The house met pursuant to adjournment.
It being announced to the house that the president was seriously in-
disposed,
Whereupon Mr. Royal was called to the chair.
Mr. J. W. Parker, from the jurisdiction of Viesca, appeared and took
his seat.
Mr. Wharton, from the committee of twelve, reported progress, and
asked leave to sit again, which was granted.
On motion of Mr. S. Houston, the house adjourned to nine o’clock to-
morrow’ morning.
San Felipe de Austin, 7th Nov. 1832. )
Nine o’clock A. M. J
The house met pursuant to adjournment.
The president being able to resume his duties, took the chair, and
called the house to order.
The minutes being read of yesterday’s proceedings,
Mr. Wharton asked and obtained leave to retire for a few minutes, with
the committee of which he was chairman.
Mr. Wharton, with the committee of twelve, to whom was referred the
duty “to make a declaration, setting forth to the world the causes that
impelled us to take up arms, and the objects for which we fight,” having
returned, made report.
( 521 )