20
Journals of the Consultation.
as were then not present, should be requested to put their signature to it
at any convenient opportunity hereafter, which was concurred in by the
house. ■
Mr. Wharton, from the committee to whom was referred the communi-
cations from “the committee at New Orleans, on the affairs of Texas,”
and the letter from A. C. Allen, making proposals to fit out an armed
vessel, made the following reports, which were adopted:
Your committee, to whom was referred the papers and documents re-
ceived from the committee at the city of New Orleans, presented by Mr.
E. Hall, have had the same under consideration, and beg leave
TO REPORT:
That the communications from the committee of New Orleans, of
which Wm. Christy and James Ramage, Esqrs., were the acting members,
contain information of the most important and flattering nature. The
committee informs us that one company of fifty men, well armed and pro-
vided, will leave there on the 21st ultimo, to go via Natchitoches—an-
other, numbering sixty-five, would accompany Mr. Hall; “and a vessel
well furnished and manned, by about one hundred and fifty efficient emi-
grants, would sail about the 27th ultimo for Tampico, under the com-
mand of Gen. Mexia.” The committee, in conclusion, say to us, “with
such acquisitions to your present force and resources,we trust that matters
will be brought to a speedy and glorious termination. God be with you.”
Mr. Hall in his statement to this committee says, “that the amount sub-
scribed by the citizens of New Orleans, previous to his leaving, was about
seven thousand dollars—three thousand five hundred of which was ex-
pended by him in arming and equipping, &c., one hundred men, and fur-
nishing provisions, saddles, bridles, &c. to sixty-five of that number, called
the Volunteer Grays, who accompanied him to Brazoria, and immediately
repaired to Goliad. The fifty men sent to Nacogdoches were furnished
with arms and equipments, only trusting to the inhabitants of the coun-
try through which they may pass, for further necessary supplies; “and
that seventy-eight barrels of navy bread, two barrels of beans and two
barrels of pork, for the use of the army, to be forwarded as the conven-
tion may deem proper,” were left in the hands of E. Andrews, Esq. at
Brazoria. He further states that, that “the committee at New Orleans
were daily receiving subscriptions, which are probably augmented to ten
or fifteen thousand dollars, to be expended in further supplies of arms,
ammunition, &c. &c. There are also volunteer companies being formed
for the service of this country, and are only waiting for communications
from your convention to tender their immediate services.
Your committee, therefore, recommend the adoption of the following
resolution:
Be it resolved by the consultation of the chosen delegates of all Texas in
general convention assembled. That the following letter be signed by the
president and secretary, and be forwarded by Mr. E. Hall to the commit-
tee at the city of New Orleans.
SAN FELIPE de AUSTIN, Nov. 6 th, 1835.
Gentlemen: We received your communication of the twentieth ultimo,
and accompanying papers, by Mr. E. Hall, and for them this convention
is happy to learn that the patriotic and liberal citizens of the city of New
( 524 )