22
Journals of the Consultation.
tional liberty, and that the president cause a copy of the foregoing resolu-
tions to be communicated to Mr. Allen.
Mr. Millard from the committee of twelve to whom was committed the
duty “to draw up or submit a plan or system for a provisional govern-
ment for all Texas,” reported progress, asked and obtained leave to sit
again.
On motion of Mr. A. Houston,
Resolved, That there be a person appointed to translate such documents
or proceedings of this house as may be required. Mr. Zavala tendered
his services under the above resolution, which were accepted.
The president presented certain papers and letters from officers of the
army of the people, which Mr. Wharton, by request of the chair, read to
the house, and then moved their reference to to the military committee,
which was concurred in.
Mr. Barrett moved that Governor Zavala be requested to translate into
Spanish the declaration for a provisional government, and that five hun-
dred copies thus translated be printed for distribution among our Mexican
fellow citizens of the republic. Which motion was concurred in.
Mr. Barrett moved an adjournment until nine o’clock to-morrow morn-
ing; but before the motion was put Mr. Williamson moved that Mr.
Macomb be added to the military committee, which was agreed to.
The question was then put on adjournment, whereupon a division was
called for, and was decided as follows, ayes 27, noes 22; so the house ad-
journed to nine o’clock to-morrow morning.
San Felipe de Austin, Nov. 9 th, 1835. )
NINE o’clock, a. M.	)
The house met pursuant to adjournment, the journals of yesterday’s
proceedings were read.
Mr. Zavala desired the secretary to omit in the proceedings of this body
the title of governor, by which he had heretofore been distinguished.
- On motion of Mr. Robinson, the secretary was directed to erase from
before the name of any member of this house any title which may have
been given, when such title may appear on the journals' of this consulta-
tion.
Mr. Parker from the committee to whom was referred the resolution
of Mr. Clements respecting the rangers, made report, which was read and
adopted, as follows:
The committee to whom was referred the resolution of Mr. Clements,
on the subject of a line of rangers from the Neches river to the Colorado,
has had the same under consideration, and beg leave to report the follow
ing resolution:
Resolved, That we recognise the acts of the general council on that
subject, sufficient for the present emergency. That said line of rangers
be extended from the Colorado river to the Cibollo, with a company of
twenty rangers under the superintendance of G. W. Davis, who shall be
governed by the same resolutions and instructions of the other superin-
tendant heretofore given: and that the said George W. Davis, make his
place of rendezvous at the place known by the big spring or head of St.
Mark’s river.
From the information before your committee, they recommend that
the acts of Silas M. Parker, in the organization of the company of rangers
( 526 )