Journals of the Consultation.
23
under his superintendance, before they reached the proper place of ren-
dezvous, be recognized; and that the said S. M. Parker be authorized to
add ten more men to the- company, by and under the former authority
and rules.
Your committee further recommend that the said superintendant be
authorised to draw upon John Lott, at Washington, (with whom there is
a considerable quantity of ammunition deposited,) for ammunition suf-
ficient to supply their several companies, or at such other plac'es as public
ammunition may be deposited.
DANIEL PARKER, Chairman.
Mr. Millard from the committee of twelve, to whom was committed
the duty "to draw up and submit a plan or system for a provisional gov-
ernment for all Texas,” stated to the house that the business of the com-
mittee had been entrusted to two sub-committees, both of which were
ready to report through their respective chairmen.
Whereupon, Mr. Henry Smith read to the convention the plan for the
civil department of the government, and Mr. A. Houston read the plan
for the proposed military arrangement. These comprising the entire
report, were submitted to the house by the chairman.
Mr. Parmer moved, that that part of the report relating to the mili-
tary department, he laid on the table until two o’clock, p. M.
Mr. Barrett thought it advisable to pursue the same course in relation
to the proposed civil arrangement. Whereupon a division being called
for, the ayes were thirty-three; so the entire report was ordered to lie on
the table until two o’clock p. M.
Mr. S. Houston moved, that the chairman of each sub-committee, under
the committee of twelve, read again to the house the report of his par-
ticular department of the proposed government, which was agreed to,
Mr. Hanks submitted the following: Whereas, a portion of the settlers
on Red River, within the limits of the state of Texas, who have not been
notified of the proceedings growing out of the invasion of our constitu-
tional rights, by a lawless usurper General Santa Anna.
Be it resolved, That these people be invited to co-operate with us in
the declaration proclaimed by this consultation, and that a copy of this
declaration be furnished them, and to all the states of the Mexican re-
public.
An amendment was offered by Mr. Barrett,, to add “and to each muni-
cipality of the department of Bexar.”
Messrs. Robinson and Williamson urged its adoption by the house.
Mr. S. Houston asked and obtained leave to read part of a certain
printed circular.
Mr. Martin urged the propriety of its being received.
Mr. Barrett moved the following amendment, which was accepted by
the mover of the original resolution, Mr. Hanks, “and to the people of
each municipality of the department of Bexar.”
Whereupon the question was then put, as respects the resolution and
its amendment, and was unanimously adopted.
On motion of Mr. Robinson,
Resolved, That a committee of five be appointed to enquire into the ex-
pediency of authorizing an agent to purchase arms, ammunition, &c., and
(527)