Journals of the Consultation.
27
PAST TWO o’clock, P. M.
The house met pursuant to adjournment.
. The question was resumed upon the fourteenth section of the report
of the committee of the whole. .
The first clause was read and adopted.
An amendment offered to the second clause, by Mr. Williamson, was
rejected.
Mr. D. Parker moved that the latter clause of this section be not acted
upon by this house before to-morrow morning at nine o’clock, which mo-
tion was lost.
The latter clause of the fourteenth section was again read, and on mo-
tion of Mr. Mitchell adopted.
Mr. S. Houston moved that the fourteenth section be so amended as
to require the commissioners to be appointed under that section, to de-
mand and take in charge all public documents, particularly those in the
hands of the political chief of the department of Nacogdoches; and that
the said political chief cease his functions immediately; which was con-
curred in.
Mr. Barrett offered an amendment, which was received.
The fifteenth section was read and adopted.
The sixteenth section was read and adopted.
The seventeenth section was read and adopted.
Mr. D. Parker offered an amendment to this section, which was lost.
Mr. Eobinson offered the following as an additional section, to be
called section eighteenth, which was adopted, viz:
Section 18. All grants, sales, and conveyances of lands, illegally or
fraudulently made by the legislature of the state of Coauhila and Texas,
located or to be located within the limits of Texas, are hereby solemnly
declared null, void, and of no effect.
Mr. Everitt offered an additional section, to be called section nineteen,
which was adopted, as follows:
Section 19. That all persons who leave the country in its present crisis,
with a view to avoid a participancy in its present struggle, (without per-
mission of the alcalde or judge of their municipality,) shall forfeit all or
any lands they may hold or have claim to, for the benefit of this govern-
ment: provided, nevertheless, that widows and minors are not included in
this provision.
Mr. A. Houston offered an additional section, to be called section
twenty, fixing the time and place of the re-assembling of the consultation,
which was adopted.
The report of the military department was then taken up.
The first section was read and adopted.
The second section was read and adopted.
The third section was read, and the amendment offered by Mr. Parmer
being rejected, was adopted.
The fourth section was read and adopted.
The fifth section was read, amended and adopted.
The sixth section was read, amended and adopted.
The seventh section was read and adopted.
The eighth section was read and adopted.
The ninth section was read, amended and adopted.
The tenth section was read, amended and adopted.
(531 )