30
Journals of the Consultation.
house for the evidence just given of their confidence in his patriotism
and abilities.
On motion of Mr. A. Houston,
Resolved, That there be three commissioners appointed by this body, as
agents of the United States of North America, to be commissioned by the
governor and council; who shall delegate them such powers, and give
them such instructions, as the governor and council may deem expedient.
Which was adopted.
The rule in this case being suspended, Messrs. B. T. Archer, W. H.
Wharton and S. F. Austin, were duly elected commissioners under the
foregoing resolution.
The president in a very appropriate address tendered to the house his
acknowledgements for this additional evidence of their confidence in his
zeal, talents and integrity. He then communicated to the house several
letters from the army and from the United States.
Mr. Barrett, at the request of the president, (the lobbies being closed,)
read a letter addressed to him by General S. F. Austin. And on motion
of Mr. Barrett, the several letters were referred to a special committee of
five, with instructions to report to the house as soon as possible.
Which was concurred in; whereupon, Messrs.. Barrett, A. Houston,
Martin, Macomb and Williamson, were appointed that committee. Mr.
Zavala was then added to the committee.
On-motion, the house adjourned to half past two o’clock, P. M.
HALF PAST TWO O’CLOCK, P. M.
The house met pursuant to adjournment: leave of absence was granted
to Mr. Augustine, for the remainder of the session.
On motion of Mr. Perry, the house proceeded to the election for the
members of the general council; when it appeared that the following per-
sons were duly elected members of the general council, for their respect-
ive municipalities, as follows:
From the municipality of San Augustine, A. Houston.
<6
cc
CC
a
cc
CC
a
a
a
a
cc
Austin, Wm. Menifee.
Nacogdoches, Dan’l Parker.
Washington, Jesse Grimes.
Viesca, A. G. Perry.
Mina, D. C. Barrett.
Liberty, Henry Millard.
Tenehaw, Martin Parmer.
Gonzales, J. D. Clements.
Matagorda, R. R. Royal.
Harrisburg, W. P. Harris.
Columbia, E. Waller.
Bevil, W. Hanks.
The oath of office was then administered by the president of the con-
sultation to the officers of the provisional government.
Whereupon, the convention adjourned for fifteen minutes, to afford an
opportunity to the governor and council to organize. The house again
met after the expiration of the time for which they had adjourned.
The substitute for the fourteenth section of the civil department of
the provisional government, offered by Mr. Perry, was rejected. The
( 534 )