Journals of the Consultation.
33
prompt and voluntary offer, to place their lands and other property at
the disposal of this house, to he used as sureties for raising funds in aid
of their suffering country, at war with the enemies of their rights and
liberties; rejoice in seeing such noble acts recorded with the proceedings
of this body, in such time of difficulty and danger, and recommend a
letter of thanks, expressive of the grateful sense of this house, for offers
so benevolent and liberal, and that this house accept their several offers,
to be used only when imperiously demanded in the most extreme emer-
gency.
Your committee, before closing their report, would respectfully call the
attention of this house to the army now in the field. This force is com-
posed of volunteers from every rank of citizens in the country, whose
services generally commenced before the assembling of this house, and as
their movements have hitherto been regulated by officers of their own
choice, no obligation can be imposed upon them to submit to the control
of the provisional government; advisory communications are all that can
be made to them, nevertheless, your committee recommends that every
honorable inducement .should be held out for their continuance in their
country’s service, at any rate until a regular army be ready to take the
field, and should Bexar so long hold out against their efforts. Already
have this house passed resolutions for their individual compensation,
when the resources of the country will permit. The land offices have been
closed, that no advantage should be taken over the soldier in the field in
making his selection of lands; the gratitude of this body, as the repre-
sentatives of the people of all Texas, has been twice expressed and entered
upon the journals of the house, and every effort used to afford supplies of
ammunition and provisions within the power of the late council, and
of this body; these efforts we recommend to be continued, and that this
house recommend the members of the army to elect such officers as are
wanting, and that all the officers report themselves to the governor and
council for commissions; that their respective ranks be known of record
for purposes obviously necessary for their future compensation, and that
of the soldiers under them, who may receive discharges from their re-
spective officers, that they may be fully known when a grateful country
shall be able to express her thanks in bounties more substantial than mere
words. Your committee recommend that the army be encouraged to
persevere, with the assurance that every exertion will be used by the pro-
visional government, to aid, comfort and support it which it has within
its power, and will co-operate in forwarding its operations.
Your committee would suggest, that much encouragement is afforded
for perseverance in military operations, from the unsettled state of the
Mexican government. The apprehension of resistance from the citizens
of the republic, is admitted in a late report of a committee of congress,
contained in their plan of a form of government, intended to be enforced
upon the people by the exertion of military power, against their consent.
This disposition will prevent the usurper, Santa Anna, from reinforcing
the troops now arrayed against Texas; and gives hopes of a co-operation
of our Mexican brethren, in the glorious cause of liberty and the constitu-
tion, in which Texas has set the noble example.
D. C. BARRETT, Chairman of the Committee.
Committee Boom, Nov. 13th, 1838.
( 537 )