Journals of the Consultation.
35
ARTICLE III.
The duties of the general council shall be to devise ways and means, to
.advise and assist the governor in the discharge of his functions; they shall
pass no laws, except such as in their opinion the emergency of the country
requires, ever keeping in view the army in the field, and the means neces-
sary for its comfort and support, they shall pursue the most effective and
energetic measures to rid the country of her enemies, and place her in
the best possible state of defence. Two thirds of the members elect of
the general council shall form a quorum to do business; and in order that
no vacancy shall happen in the council, if any member, from death or
other casualty, shall be incapacitated to act, the governor shall immediate-
ly, on information thereof, notify the member elected to fill vacancies,
and on his default, any member who has been elected to this body from
the same jurisdiction. The governor and council shall be authorised to
contract for loans, not to exceed one million of dollars, and to hypothe-
cate the public land, and pledge the faith of the country for the security
•of payment. That they have the power to impose and regulate imposts
and tonnage duties, and provide for their collection under such regula-
tions as may be the most expedient.
They shall have power, and it is hereby made the duty of the governor
and council to treat with the several tribes of Indians concerning their
land claims, and if possible to secure their friendship. They shall estab-
lish post offices and post roads, and regulate the rates of postage, and ap-
point a postmaster general, who shall have competent powers for con-
ducting this department of the provisional government, under such rules
and regulations as the governor and council may prescribe. They shall
have power to grant pardons, remit fines, and to hear and judge all cases
usual in high courts of admiralty, agreeably to the law of nations.
They shall have power to appoint their own secretary, and other officers
of their own body; also, that they have the power to create and fill such
offices as they may deem proper: Provided nevertheless, That this power
does not extend to officers heretofore rejected by this house.
That the governor and council have power to organize, reduce or in-
-crease the regular forces, as they may deem the emergencies of the coun-
try require.
ARTICLE IV.
The governor, for the time being, and during the existence of the pro-
visional government, shall be clothed with full and ample executive pow-
ers, and shall be commander-in-chief of the army and navy, and of all the
military forces of Texas, by sea and by land; and he shall have full power,
by himself, by and with the consent of the council, and by his proper
-commander, or other officers, from time to time, to train, instruct, exer-
cise and govern the militia and navy, and for the special defence and
safety of the country, to assemble in martial array, and put in warlike
attitude, the inhabitants thereof, and to lead and conduct them by his
proper officers; and with them to encounter, repel, resist and pursue, by
force of arms, as well by sea as by land, within or without the limits of
Texas; and also to destroy, if necessary, and conquer, by all proper ways,
and enterprizes, and means, whatever, all and every such person or per-
( 539 )