42.
Journals of the Consultation.
Mr. Wharton, from the committee to whom was referred the letter from
Messrs, McKinny & Williams, made report and read a letter.
On motion of Mr. S. Houston, the whole was referred to the general
council.
The committee of three, whose duty it was made to report a declaration
in conformity to the report adopted by this consultation, respecting the
Cherokee Indians and their associate bands, and whose duty it was made
to report a declaration, in conformity to the report adopted by this house,
reported the following declaration, which was read and adopted, on mo-
toin of Mr. Barrett:
BE IT SOLEMNLY DECREED,
That we,-the chosen delegates of the consultation of all Texas, in gen-
eral convention assembled, SOLEMNLY declare,
That the Cherokee Indians, and their associate bands, twelve tribes in
number, agreeably to their late general council in Texas, have derived
their just claims to lands included within the bounds hereinafter men-
tioned, from the government of Mexico, from whom we have also derived
our rights to the soil by grant and occupancy.
We solemnly declare, that the boundaries of the claims of the said In-
dians to land is as follows, to wit: lying north of the San Antonio road and
the Neche,s, and west of the Angeline and Sabine rivers.
We solemnly declare, that the governor and general council, imme-
diately on its organization, shall appoint commissioners to treat with the
said Indians, to establish the definite boundary' of their territory', and
secure their confidence and friendship.
We solemnly declare, that we will guarantee to them the peaceable
enjoyment of their rights to their lands, as we do our own.
We solemnly declare, that all grants, surveys and locations of lands
within the bounds hereinbefore mentioned, made after the settlement
of the said Indians, are, and of right ought to be, utterly null and void;
and that the commissioners issuing the same be, and .are hereby, ordered
immediately to recall and cancel the same, as having been made upon
lands already appropriated by the Mexican government.
We solemnly declare, that it is our sincere desire that the Cherokee In-
dians, and their associate bands, shall remain our friends in peace and
war; and if they do so, we pledge the public faith for the support of the
foregoing declarations.
We solemnly declare, that they are entitled to our commiseration and
protection, as the just owners of the soil, as an unfortunate race of people
that we wish to hold as friends, and treat with justice, deeply and sol-
emnly impressed with these sentiments, as a mark of sincerity, your com-
mittee would respectfully recommend the adoption of the following reso-
lution.
Resolved, That the members of this convention, now present, sign this
declaration and pledge of the public faith, on the part of the people of
Texas.
Done in convention at San Eelipe de Austin, this 13th November, A.
D. 1835.
B. T. ARCHER, President.
( 546)