Ordinances and Decrees.
23
An Ordinance and Decree for granting Letters of Marque
and Reprisal.
Sec. 1. Be it ordained and decreed, and it is hereby or-
dained and decreed, by the General Council of the Provisional
Government of Texas, That the Governor, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the General Council, shall have power to
grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal; and that all persons
applying for such Letters of Marque and Reprisal shall be
men of known character, standing and skill as naval tacticians;
and no license shall be granted to any vessel under eighty tons
burthen, carrying less than four twelve pound carronades, or
their equivalent in metal.
Sec. 2. Be it further ordained and decreed, That all
vessels so licensed, shall cruise within the Gulf of Mexico, and
shall be permitted, and they are hereby enjoined to make war
upon, board, capture or make prize of all vessels sailing under
the flag and under the commission of the Central Government
of Mexico, and no other.
Sec. 3. And be it further ordained and decreed, That
all prizes so captured, shall be ordered and brought into the
ports of Texas, and shall be there adjudicated, and if con-
demned as such, shall be sold, and twenty per cent, of the
proceeds paid into the Treasury of Texas, and the balance paid
over to the captors or their legal representatives, or their as-
signs.
Sec. 4. And be it further ordained and decreed, That
no Commission or Letter of Marque and Reprisal shall be
granted for a less term than three months, or a longer than
six months; and shall, in all cases, expire at the end of the
war between Texas and the Central Government of Mexico.
Sec. 5. And be it further ordained and decreed, That
it shall be the duty of the Governor, upon issuing any license
or commission to any person possessing the requisite qualifica-
tions as enumerated in section 1st of of this Ordinance, to ac-
company the same with instructions of the principles and re-
strictions of this Ordinance of the General Council, authoriz-
ing and granting Letters of Marque and Reprisal.
(927)