Ordinances and Decrees.
31
in-Chief of the Volunteer Army of the people, has request-
ed an advance of money, to be appropriated for the benefit
of the army under his command, as being necessary to con-
tribute to their aid, comfort and support—therefore,
Be it ordained and decreed, and it is hereby ordained and
decreed by the General Council of the Provisional Government
of Texas, That there shall be advanced from the public
funds of the said Provisional Government, and forwarded to
the head-quarters of the army aforesaid, the sum of fifteen
hundred dollars, to be handed over to the Commander-in-
Chief of said army, General S. F. Austin, which, when done,
the said General S. F. Austin is hereby required to receipt
for the same; and which said sum of money, so advanced and
forwarded, shall be appropriated by the said General S. P.
Austin, at his discretion, for the best interest of the Army
and Government of Texas; — he being required to account
with the Treasurer of the Government aforesaid, for the man-
ner in which he shall appropriate said money, accompanied
with the customary and proper vouchers.
Sec. 2. And be it further ordained and decreed, &c.,
That the money so appropriated by the first section of this
Ordinance shall be forwarded, under the order and direction
of the Governor of the Provisional Government aforesaid, by
the hand of Thomas Gay, of the town of San Felipe de Austin,
whose receipt therefor shall be a sufficient voucher for the
execution of the foregoing Ordinance.
Sec. 3. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
there shall be, and there is hereby appropriated the sum of
one hundred and sixty dollars for the purchase of one
or more horses for public use, which said horse or horses
shall be, at all' times, under the control of the Provisional
Government.
Sec. 4. And be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
the said Thomas Gay call on Andrew Ponton, Esq.,
Treasurer of the Municipality of Gonzales, and demand
and receive such public monies as may be in his pos-
session, and transmit the same to the General Council;
and that the receipt of the said Thomas Gay, shall be a
proper voucher for the said Ponton, in accounting for the
(935)