38
Ordinances and Decrees.
An Ordinance and decree supplementary to an ''Ordinance
and Decree" entitled, "An Ordinance and Decree grant-
ing Letters of Marque and Reprisal," dated November
Zith, 1835.
Be it ordained and decreed, and it is hereby ordained and
decreed by the General Council of the Provisional Government
of Texas, That the Governor be, and he is hereby authorized
and empowered to issue not more than three blank commis-
sions of Letters of Marque and Reprisal to Thomas F. M’Kin-
ney and Silas Dinsmore, of Velasco; and, also, not more than
six blank commissions of Letters of Marque and Reprisal,
aforesaid, to Samuel Whiting, of Trinity River, Texas—all of
whom shall be, and they are hereby authorized, to fill up
such commission or commissions, with the name or names of
such individuals, applicants therefor, as shall come within
the purview and provisions of the Ordinance and Decree
granting Letters of Marque and Reprisal, passed November
25th, 1835.
Sec. 2. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
all vessels sailing under Licenses, as Letters of Marque and
Reprisal, which have been, or may be hereafter granted by
the Governor and Council, or by the Governor, as provided
in this supplementary Ordinance, or under any register or
license of this Government, shall carry the flag of the Repub-
lic of the United States of Mexico, and shall have the figures
1, 8, 2, 4, cyphered in large Arabics on the white ground
thereof.
Sec. 3. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
ten per cent, and no more, on all vessels or prizes condemned
in the ports of Texas as prizes to Letters of Marque and Re-
prisal, shall be paid by the captors to the Provisional Govern-
ment of Texas—anything to the contrary, notwithstanding,
in the “Ordinance and Decree granting Letters of Marque and
Reprisal,” passed November 25th, 1835.
Passed at San Felipe de Austin, Nov. 29, 1835.
(Signed)	JAMES W. ROBINSON,
Lieut. Gov. and ex-officio Pres’t of G. C.
E. M. Pease, Sec’y to G. C.
Approved, November 30, 1835.
HENRY -SMITH, Governor.
C. B. Stewart, Ex. Sec’y, &c.
(942)