Ordinances and Decrees.
43
An Ordinance and Decree, making it the duty of the Gov-
ernor to issue a Special Commission and Warrant in the
case of Wni. H. Steele, &c.
WEEREAS, the consultation of the chosen delegate of all
Texas, in General Convention assembled, by the 14th section
of the Organic Law of the Provisional Government, made
provision for the appointment of certain commissioners to
carry into effect the requisitions of the said 14th section to be
executed under the order of the Provisional Government;
“Whereas W. H. Steele ofViesca, acting as a commissioner
of deeds for the Nashville Colony, has denied and contemned
the powers of the consultation aforesaid, and refuses to obey
the command of the Provisional Government issued through
the proper officer: Therefore be it ordained and decreed by the
General Council of the Provisional Government of Texas, That
the Governor of the Provisional Government aforesaid be re-
quired, and it is hereby made his duty, to issue a special com-
mission and warrant of arrest to J. L. Hood, or to such other
person or persons as he may think proper to carry into effect
the 14th section of the Organic Law aforesaid, and to arrest
the person of the said W. H. Steele, and him forthwith to
bring before the General Council, of the Provisional Govern-
ment aforesaid, to answer for his contumely and contempt of
the governmental authorities of the Provisional Government
of Texas, created and adopted by the people’s representatives
in General Convention assembled, provided, in case of resist-
ance on the part of the said W. H. Steele, the said J. L. Hood,
or whomsoever the Governor may appoint, shall be empowered
by a writ of assistance to be issued by the Governor, at
the same time with the special commission, to command, in
the name of the people, all officers, whether civil or military,
and all good citizens to give aid, and to be aiding and assist-
ing the said J. L. Hood, in order to carry into effect the man-
dates of the Provisional Government, as required by the 14th
section of the law, formed by the General Convention, and
the commands of the special commission aforesaid.
Passed at San Felipe de Austin, Dec. 2nd, 1835.
JAMES W. ROBINSON,
Lieut. Gov. and ex-officio Pres’t of G. C.
( 947 )