48
Ordinances and Decrees.
vices and make a corresponding report to the Governor, who
shall issue commissions accordingly.
Sec. 2. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
the commanding officer of a detachment, company, battallion
or regiment, as aforesaid, shall, and it is hereby made his
duty, upon his reporting to the Governor or to the Com-
mander-in-Chief of the’ Army of* Texas, to accompany said
report with a muster-roll of his command, and he shall cer-
tify the same; and it shall be the duty of the Commander-in-
Chief of the Army to forward the same to the Governor of
Texas, after having caused to be taken and filed in his office,
copies of the same.
Sec. 3. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
the ""Volunteer Auxilliary Corps,” as aforesaid, shall be or-
ganized as follows:—Each platoon shall contain not less than
twenty-eight men, rank and file; each company two platoons
or fifty men, rank and file; each battalion five companies, or
two hundred and eighty men, rank and file; each regiment
two battalions, or five hundred and sixty men, rank and file:
that each platoon may be officered by one First Lieutenant;
each company, one Captain, one First Lieutenant and one
Second Lieutenant; each battalion one Major, and each regi-
ment one Colonel, one Lieutenant-Colonel, and one Major;
and all volunteer officers shall take rank in their respective
grades, according to the date of their commissions; and where
there are several officers in any one grade of the same date
of appointment, seniority of rank shall be determined by
drawing numbers, which shall be done by order of the Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army.
Sec. 4. Be it, further ordained and decreed, &c., That
each volunteer, who shall volunteer his services and is ac-
cepted by the Government, agreeably to the provisions of this
Ordinance, shall receive the same pay, rations and clothing
which was allowed by the laws of the United States, during
their last war with Great Britain.
Sec. 5. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
all voluneers who -shall enter the service agreeably to
the provisions of this decree, shall be entitled to one
mile square, or six hundred and forty acres of land, to be
selected out of the public domain of Texas; and all vol-
unteers who shall become disabled in the service of
Texas, and who shall be discharged therefor, before the
( 952 )