Ordinances and Decrees.
53
Sec. 4. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
the said Commissioners shall be authorized and required to
make purchases, by and through proper and competent
agents, appointed by them, or a majority of them, of all the
munitions of war, camp equipage, supplies and other articles
ordered to be procured by an Ordinance, entitled “An Or-
dinance to-purchase Munitions of War, Provisions, &c., for
the use of the Army and defence of the Sea Coast,” passed the
27th day of November, 1835, and forward such articles under
instructions of the Governor, to such points, and in charge
of such persons as he may,' in conjunction with the Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Regular Army, direct.
Sec. 5. Be it further ordained and decreed, That it shall
be the duty of the said Commissioners, or a majority of them,
as soon as may. be, to purchase one or more, or all the vessels
of war, of the character and description contained in the Or-
dinance, entitled an Ordinance “for establishing a Navy,”
passed the th day of November, 1835; and they shall be
authorized and empowered to appoint an agent or agents for
said purpose, and for any other object connected with their
mission, - with full powers to act in the name and behalf of
the “Provisional Government of Texas,” in the name of said
Commissioners, who shall be held accountable for the fidelity
of any agent or agents so appointed by them: Also, pro-
vided, that the said Commissioners, or a majority of them,
may give Letters of Marque and Reprisal, with which they
shall be furnished in blank, legally signed by the Governor
and Secretary, to such persons, and under such restrictions,
as are required by the Ordinances of the Provisional Govern-
ment of Texas.
Sec. 6. Be it further ordained and decreed, That in the
event of effecting a Loan, as provided for by the Ordinance
passed for that purpose, the said Commissioners, or a majority
of them, shall be authorized and empowered to give orders
or checks upon the bank where is deposited the monies of the
Government for the payment thereof, so that the amount
drawn shall not exceed two hundred thousand dollars; and
the balance of the monies deposited shall remain subject to
the future orders of the “Provisional Government,” to whose
credit the whole Loan shall be first entered.
(957 )