62
Ordinances and Decrees.
lie notice in one or more of the newspapers of Texas, for at
least four weeks before entering into any contract for carry-
ing the mail, that such contract is intended to be closed on
the day, and at such place as he may designate, that sealed
proposals will be received for contracts. The notice shall
designate the places from and to which such mail is to be con-
veyed—the time at which it is to be made up, and the days
and hours in which it is to be delivered: he shall, moreover,
within thirty days after the making of any contract, lodge the
duplicate thereof, together with a copy of the proposals which
he shall have received respecting it, in the Executive Office
of Texas; and no contract shall be entered into for a longer
time than two years.
Sec. 7. Be it further ordained and decreed, That
every postmaster shall keep an office, in which one or more
persons shall attend on every day on which a mail or bag, or
other packet or parcel of letters, shall arrive, by land or water,
as well as on such other days and hours as the Postmaster-
General shall direct, for the purpose of performing the duties
of his office; and it shall be the duty of all postmasters, at all
reasonable hours, on every day of the week, to deliver, on de-
mand, any letter, paper or packet to . any person entitled to
or authorized to receive the same: and all letters brought to
any office half an hour before the time of making up the mail
at such office, shall be forwarded therein.
Sec. 8. Be it further ordained and decreed, That
no fees or perquisites shall be received by any person em-
ployed in the General Post-Office, on account of the duties
to be performed in virtue of his office.
Sec. 9. Be it further ordained and decreed, That
the following rates of postage shall be charged on all letters
and packets (except such as are hereinafter exempted) con-
veyed by the mails and posts of Texas—that is to say:
for every letter composed of a single sheet of paper,
and conveyed any distance not exceeding twenty miles, six
and one-fourth cents; over twenty and not exceeding
fifty miles, .twelve and a half cents; over fifty and
not exceeding one hundred miles, eighteen and three-
fourth cents; over one hundred and not exceeding
two hundred miles, twenty-five cents; all distances exceed-
ing two hundred miles, thirty-seven and a half cents;
(966)