Ordinances and Decrees.
63
upon all ship letters, six and one-fourth cents shall be charged
in addition to the above rates; on all letters composed of two
pieces of paper, there shall be charged double the rate of a
single letter; letters composed of three pieces of paper, triple
those rates; and for every packet composed of four or more
pieces of paper or other thing, and weighing one ounce,
quadruple those rates, and in that proportion for all greater
weights; and for all letters or newspapers going out of Texas,
it shall be the duty of the post-masters to require the postage
in advance.
Sec. 10. Be it further ordained and decreed, That
if any post-master, or any person authorized by the Post- ■
master-General to receive the postage of letters, shall fraudu-
lently demand or receive any rate of postage, gratuity or re-
ward, further than is provided by this Ordinance, for the
postage of letters and packets, on conviction thereof, he shall
forfeit, for every such offence, one hundred dollars, and shall
be rendered forever incapable of holding any office of trust
under the Government of Texas.
Sec. 11. Be it further ordained and decreed, That
no ship or vessel arriving at any port within Texas, where a
post-office is established, shall be admitted to report, make
entry, or break bulk until the master or commander shall
have delivered to the postmaster all letters directed to any
person or persons within Texas, under his care or within his
power, which shall be brought in such ship or vessel—except
such as, are directed to the owner or consignee of such ship
or vessel; and except, also, such as are directed to be delivered
at the port of delivery to which such ship or vessel may be
bound. And it shall be the duty of the Collector, or other
officer of the port empowered to receive entries of ships or
vessels, to require from every master or owner, or command-
er of such ship or vessel, an oath or affirmation purporting
that he has delivered all such letters except as aforesaid; and
if any commander or master of any such ship or vessel shall
break bulk before he shall have complied with the require-
ments of this ordinance, every such offender shall, on convic-
tion thereof, forfeit for every such offence, a sum not exceed-
ing one hundred dollars.
Sec. 12. Be it further ordained and decreed, That
the postmasters to whom such letters or packages shall be
( 967 )