72
Ordinances and Decrees.
persons informing and prosecuting, and the other half for the
use of Texas.
Sec. 28. Be it further ordained and decreed, That
it shall be lawful for the Postmaster-General to make pro-
visions, when it may be necessary, for the receipt of letters and
packets intended to be conveyed by any ship or vessels beyond
sea, or from any other port in Texas to another port there-
in; and the letters so received shall be formed into a mail or
packet, sealed up and directed to the postmaster of the port
to which such ship or vessel shall be bound; and for every
letter or frank so received there shall be paid at the time of
its reception, a postage of two cents each, which shall be for
the use of the postmasters respectively receiving the same;
and the Postmaster-General may make arrangements with the
postmasters in any foreign country, for reciprocal delivery of
letters, newspapers, packets and pamphlets through the Post-
Office Department, in any manner he may deem expedient
and necessary.
Sec. 29. Be it further ordained and decreed, That .
for every letter lodged at any post-office, not to be carried by
post, but to be delivered at the place where it is lodged, the
post-master shall receive six and one-fourth cents of the per-
son to whom it shall be delivered.
Sec. 30. Be it further ordained and decreed, That
the postmasters and persons employed in the transportation
of the mail shall be exempt from militia duty, serving as ju- .
tots or working on public highways.
Sec. 31. Be it further ordained and decreed, That
all causes of action arising under this ordinance and decree
may be sued, and all offenders prosecuted before the proper
judicial officers of Texas—they having competent jurisdic-
tion by the laws of Texas, of the trial of claims and demands,
of as great value and crimes of as great extent, and such judi-
cial officers shall take cognizance thereof, and proceed to
judgment and award execution as in other cases.
Sec. 32. Be it further ordained and decreed, That
in all suits or causes of action arising under this ordinance
and decree, the courts shall proceed to trial and render
judgment at the first term after such suit shall have been
commenced: provided, always, that whenever process
( 976 )