78
Ordinances and Decrees.
and send to the Judge or Alcalde of his respective Munici-
pality, to be received on or before the day of the election
aforesaid; and also provided, that the said Judge or Alcalde
shall appoint the several places for holding said elections; of
which time and place for holding the same, reasonable notice
shall be given in the best manner for informing the people
thereof; and duplicate returns of each election shall be made
to the Judge or Alcalde aforesaid, one of which shall be filed
on the archives of his office, the other to be presented at the
Convention as evidence of the .election of the members.
Sec. 4. Be it further resolved, That with a view to as just
an equalization of representatives as can be at present de-
termined, that the Municipality of Austin shall elect three
delegates, Brazoria four, Washington four, Mina three, Gon-
zales two, Viesca two, Nacogdoches four, San Augustine four,
Liberty three, Harrisburg two, Jasper two, Matagorda two,
Jackson two, Tenehaw two, Jefferson two, Refugio two, Go-
liad two, San Patricio two, Bexar four, Gaudaloupe Victoria
two, and the citizens of Pecan Point two.
Sec. 5. Be it further resolved, That the Governor shall, and
it is hereby made his duty, as soon as may be, to issue his
proclamation for carrying into effect the preceding Resolu-
tions.
Passed at San Felipe de Austin. Dec. 10, 1835.
JAMES W. ROBINSON,
Lieut. Gov. and ex-officio Pres’t of G. C.
E. M. Pease,
Sec’y of Gen. Council.
This was vetoed by the Governor but it passed by a con-
stitutional majoritv on the 13th December, 1835.
HENRY SMITH,
Governor.
An Ordinance and Decree granting a Bounty of Land to
certain Volunteers in the Army of the People of Texas.
Be it ordained and decreed, and it is hereby ordained and
decreed by the General Council of the Provisional Government
of Texas, That there shall be, and there is hereby grant-
ed to each volunteer in the Army of the People of
Texas, his heirs or legal representatives who may have
(982 )