Ordinances and Decrees.
81
Sec. 4. Be it further ordained and decreed, That the Col-
lectors and Deputies shall, before they, enter upon the duties
of their office, take and subscribe the following Oath in addi-
tion to the Oath prescribed by the Organic Law, before some
person legally authorized to administer oaths:
That I, A. B. will use my best endeavors to collect all reve-
nues which may become due and owing to the Government
of Texas, from tonnage and impost duties; that I will faith-
fully account for and pay over all such sum or sums of money
as may come into my hands by virtue of my appointment,
and duly perform all other lawful duties assigned to my said
appointment, to the best of my skill and ability.
Sec. 5. And be it further ordained and decreed, That
there shall be a Collector for a Revenue District to embrace
all the Eastern border of the line of Texas, from the mouth
of the Sabine River to the Red River, which shall come under
the same rules and restrictions as the ports on the sea coast,
and that the place of Entry and Collection shall be at the •
residence of Maxamillion, near the Sabine River.
Sec. 6. And be it further ordained and decreed, That
on conviction of any person or persons of smuggling or an
attempt to smuggle in goods, wares and merchandize, with
the intention of defrauding Government, he or they shall
forfeit such goods, wares and merchandize so attempted to
be smuggled in—to be passed upon by the Judge of the
Municipality in a summary way; and the said forfeited goods,
wares or merchandize shall be sold at public auction by order
of the said Judge or proper officer—giving ten days notice
thereof at the court-house door and two other public places;
one half of the nett proceeds to be for the use of the Gov-
ernment, one-fourth to go to the informer, and one-fourth
to go to the Collector of the port for prosecuting, &c. And
the person or persons so convicted, shall be subject to such
other fine or fines as the court having cognizance of the case
may impose—provided, it shall not exceed one hundred per
cent, on the assessed value of the goods, wares or merchan-
dize; and in default of payment, he or they shall be imprisoned
not exceeding eighteen months, at the discretion of the court.
(985)