82
Ordinances and Decrees.
Sec. 7. And bg it further ordained and decreed, That
all the principal Collectors, under this Ordinance and Decree,
shall be entitled to receive, on settlement, ten per cent, of the
nett proceeds arising from the revenue of his port, provided
it shall not exceed one thousand dollars per annum, as a com-
pensation for his services in discharging the duties of Col-
lector; and said principal Collector shall receive such other
perquisites as the Collector of the Port of New-Orleans (in
the United States of the North) receives, all of which he
shall keep a correct account of, and report the same quar-
terly to this Government, or that which may. succeed it.
Sec. 8. And be it further ordained and decreed, That
it shall be lawful for any Collector of the Revenue, at any
of the established ports, to call upon any Civil, Military or
Naval officers to aid and assist in the enforcement and execu-
tion of these Ordinances and Decrees; and none of the afore-
said officers shall refuse or fail to give all the reasonable as-
. sistance in his ■ or their power, to the Collector aforesaid,
under the penalty of his or their being discharged from the
office which they may hold.
Sec. 9. And be it further ordained and decreed, That
said Principal Collector shall be, and he is hereby authorized
to pay out of the public funds collected, all the necessary ex-
penses of his office—to be judged of on his quarterly report:
provided, that this Ordinance does not authorize the payment
of deputies if he should think proper not to act in person.
Sec. 10. And be it further ordained and decreed, That
the Collectors of each District, and the Collectors of the
Ports of Entry and Delivery of Texas, and all other officers
belonging to the Revenue or Custom-house Department shall
be, and are hereby clothed and vested with all power and au-
thority in their respective district and port requisite and
necessary to execute the duties and discharge the functions
of their respective offices and stations, in order to secure, more
effectually, the revenue aforesaid, are hereby vested with such
powers, and directed to perform such duties as belong to the
same grade of officers of the customs in the ports and revenue
districts of the United States of North America.
( 986 )