Ordinances and Decrees.
93
Sec. 2. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
the arms and equipments of the Legion of Cavalry shall be as
follows, to wit: one half of the Legion of Cavalry to be armed
with good double barrel shot guns of the usual length with
flint locks, the other half with American yaugers, half ounce
bore, flint locks and suitable equipments, a broad sword and a
brace of substantial horseman’s pistols with brass mounted
holsters, and shall carry a belt, cartride box, calculated to
crary twenty-four cartridges; each trooper shall be equipped
with a Spanish saddle with cadet grey housing with two good
blankets, a substantial girth and surcingle, a pair of martin-
gales, a bridle with a double rein curb, and a heavy pair of
brass spurs. The uniform of the Cavalry shall be a suit of
cadet grey cloth coats, yellow bullet buttons, and pantaloons
for winter, and two suit of grey cottonade roundabouts and
pantaloons for summer, and fur caps, black cloth socks and
cowhide boots.
Sec. 3. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
a copy of the foregoing Ordinances be immediately forward-
ed by the Provisional Government to our Foreign Agents, in-
structing them to purchase the necessary arms, equipments,
clothing, &c., as is set forth in the foregoing Ordinances and
Decrees, and forward the same as early as possible for the
immediate use of the Legion of Cavalry.
Sec. 4. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
the Legion of Cavalry shall be entitled to the same pay as
Cavalry in the service of the United States of the North,
and also the same bounty in land as the Auxilliary Corps, to
wit: six hundred and forty acres of land.
Sec. 5. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
the Lieutenant Colonel Commandant, shall appoint for the
Legion of Cavalry his Adjutants, Pay-Master, Quarter-mas-
ters, and Quarter-master’s Sergeants, Sergeant Majors and
Musicians, and that the Governor be and is hereby authorized
to issue commissions to such officers as may be appointed by
the Lieutenant Colonel Commandant upon receiving a cer-
tificate from said officer to that effect.
Passed 18th December, 1835.
JAMES W. ROBINSON,
Lieut. Gov. and ex-officio Pres’t of G. C.
(997 )