102
Ordinances and Decrees.
numbered, and some particular letter on each, one by which
he could detect fraud or forgery, and set forth the considera-
tion for which said draft was given, the amount thereof,
whether for property lost in Public Service, expenses of the
Civil Department of Government, or of the Military, if for
the monthly pay of officers and soldiers of the army, or con-
tingent expenses of the army. 3
Sec. 8. That the Auditor shall be and is hereby consti-
tuted a proper officer to administer oaths in all cases apper-
taining to the proof of the claims which may be presented
to him.
Sec. 9. It shall be the duty of the Auditor to furnish any
applicant a copy of any claim, record, or other public docu-
ment in his office, upon the applicant paying him twelve and
a half cents for each hundred words contained therein.
Sec. 10. The Auditor shall receive for his public services,
the sum of one thousand dollars per annum.
Sec. 11. That the committee on public accounts shall
cease to act from and after this day; that the committee on
public accounts turn over all business before them to the
Auditor, as soon as he enters upon the duties of his office.
Sec. 12. That all ordinances, decrees and resolutions,
passed by this house, regulating, governing or defining the
duties of the committee of public accounts, be and are hereby
made applicable and in full force on the Auditor, except
such as may come in contradiction with the foregoing ordi-
nances.
Sec. 13. The Auditor shall keep a strict account of debts
and credits: first, of each separate captain’s command, if in
the military service; second, of the contingent expenses of the
army and military department; third, of expenses of the civil
department; fourth, and of the various revenue ports.
Sec. 14. It shall be the duty and is hereby made the duty
of the Comptroller, when any claim is presented him,
approved by the Auditor as set forth in the forego-
ing, to strictly examine it, having previously well inform-
ed himself of the existing laws, and if found in all its
parts consistent, and containing all the requisites of the
laws, he shall write “Approved” thereon, with the date,
when acted on, and shall also enter the corresponding
(1006)