Ordinances and Decrees.
103
draft of record in a summary way, setting out in whose fa-
vour drawn, date, letter, and amount after which he shall
return the claim to the Auditor, that he may place it on file,
according to the requisitions of the existing laws.
Sec. 15. If on the examination by the Comptroller of any
claim, presented in accordance with the foregoing ordinances,
he shall find it not in conformity with the existing laws, he
shall return it to the Auditor with his reasons in writing,
and if the Auditor shall approve of the rejection of the Comp-
troller, he shall return the claim as if no action had been
had thereon.
Sec. 16. If any claim which may have been returned to
the Auditor by the Comptroller, shall be still approved of by
him, as filling all the requisitions of the laws, he shall pass
it the second time and return it to the General Council, if in
session, if not to the Governor, who shall, after an examina-
tion of all the facts, decide the virtue of the claim, and if
admitted return it to the Comptroller for its proper disposi-
tion, and corresponding draft to the interested party, but
if it be rejected by the Council or Governor it shall be finally
rejected and remain as if no action had been had thereon.
Sec. 17. It shall be the duty of the Comptroller to fur-
nish the Treasurer on every Wednesday and Saturday eve-
ning a copy of all minutes of drafts drawn upon him from
time to time, that he may be enabled to detect fraud or.
forging.
Sec. 18. The Comptroller shall receive for his services
the sum of six hundred dollars per annum.
Sec. 19. The Auditor and Comptroller before entering
upon the discharge of their respective duties, shall take and
subscribe an oath, to faithfully discharge the duties of their
respective offices in addition to the oath prescribed by the
organic law.
■ Sec. 20. The Auditor shall give bond in the sum of fif-
teen thousand dollars, with approved security, for the faith-
ful performance of his duties, payable to the Governor and
his successors in office, and the Comptroller shall give bond
in the sum of eight thousand dollars, for the faithful per-
formance of his duties, payable to the Governor and his suc-
cessors in office.
Sec. 21. The Auditor and Comptroller shall report
(1007 )