Ordinances and Decrees.
105
And all that part of the coast of Texas, from the mouth
of Oyster Creek to the entrance of Cedar Lake, into the Gulf,
including all bays, harbours, rivers, creeks and inlets, within
said limits be, and the same is hereby created and established
a district for revenue purposes, and shall be styled and known
as the "District of Brazos.”
And all that part of the coast from the entrance of Cedar
Lake into the Gulf of Mexico, to the Western line of the
jurisdiction of Matagorda, including all bays, harbors, riv-
ers, creeks and inlets, within said limits be, and the same
is hereby created and established a district for revenue pur-
poses, and shall be styled and known as the “District of Mata-
gorda.”
And all that part of the coast from the Western line of
the jurisdiction of Matagorda to the Guadaloupe River, in-
cluding all bays, harbors, rivers, creeks and inlets, within
said limits be, and the same is hereby created and established
a district for revenue purposes, and shall be styled and known
as the “District of La Baca.”
And all that part of the coast from the Western line of the
District of La Baca, as far as it may be necessary to include
all the coast of the Government of Texas, including all bays,
harbors, rivers, creeks and inlets, or other boundary line be,
and the same is hereby created and established a district for
revenue purposes, and shall be styled and known as the “Dis-
trict of Aransas.”
Sec. 2. Be it further ordained and decreed, and it is hereby
ordained and decreed, That Earles’ in the District of Milam,
the Ports of Sabine, Galveston Bay, Brazos, Matagorda, La
Baca, and Capano, be, and they are created and established
Ports of Entry within their respective districts.
Sec. 3. Be it further ordained and decreed, and it is hereby
further ordained and decreed, That there shall be ap-
pointed by the General Council and Commissioned by
the Governor, a Collector of the Port for each Reve-
nue District, for the collection of all imposts and tonnage
dues arising under this Ordinance, who shall, also, per-
form the duties of Inspector, and shall reside within
the limits of the District for which he shall be appointed;
and shall select the most suitable place within his dis-
trict for the public convenience and despatch of busi-
64 —VOL. 1.
(1009 )