110
Ordinances and Decrees.
hereby further ordained and decreed, That all articles of the
growth, produce, or manufacture of Texas shall be, and are
free of all duty whatsoever.
Sec. 10. Be it further ordained and decreed,' and it is hereby
further ordained and decreed, That all bonds and securities
for customs or duties, made and executed in accordance with,
the foregoing sections, shall have the force of a judgment
. from their date; and the Judge or other proper officers, upon
application of the Collector, shall issue execution immediately
thereon, any law to the contrary notwithstanding.
Sec. 11. Be it further ordained and decreed, and it is hereby
further ordained and decreed, That all Collectors appointed
by virtue of this Ordinance and Decree, shall make quarterly
returns to the Government of all importations made into their
respective ports and districts, with the sums total of duties
and tonnage dues amounting thereon, setting • forth the in-
come and expenditure with the proper vouchers for the same;
and each and. every Principal Collector shall be entitled to
receive ten per cent, on the amount of duties collected, .as a
compensation for discharging the duties of his office; which
sum shall not exceed one thousand dollars per annum. And
the said Collector shall receive such other perquisites as the
Collector of the Port of New Orleans receives by virtue of
his office, of all of which he shall keep a true and correct ac-
count and report the same in his quarterly returns to the Of-
fice of the Provisional Government.
Sec. 12. Be.it further ordained and decreed, and it is hereby
, further ordained and decreed, That it shall be lawful for the
Collector, in case it should be necessary, to call upon any civil,
naval or military officers to aid and assist in the enforcement
and execution of these Ordinances and Decrees; that none of
the officers aforesaid shall refuse or fail to give all the reason-
able assistance in his or their power, to the Collector afore-
said, under penalty of his or their being suspended from the
office which he or they may hold.
Sec. 13. Be it further ordained and decreed, and it is
hereby further ordained and decreed, That on conviction of
any person or persons of smuggling or of an attempt
to smuggle in goods, wares and merchandize, with the
(1014 )