Ordinances and Decrees.
117
thereof before the competent tribunals, be fined in the sum of
one thousand dollars, and be held in close confinement until
lie deliver up all such papers, documents, monies, or an ac-
count thereof, aforesaid, to the Court or General Collectors
aforesaid.
Sec. 2. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That the
two per centum duties on said sales, heretofore levied and ex-
acted in some parts of Texas by judges, receivers, collectors,
stamp officers, or any other officer or officers, purporting to be
officers of the Government of the State of Coahuila and Texas,
whether existing by law or common usage shall, from the date
of this ordinance, forever cease; and any officer of the Govern-
ment of Texas exacting the same, shall, on conviction thereof,
be punished as an extortioner at common law; and all officers
as aforesaid, who have monies in their hands arising from the
exaction of such two per centum duties shall, on the publica-
tion of this ordinance and decree, immediately render an ac-
count of and pay over to the General Collector in whose de-
partment he may be, all such monies, without fraud or further
delay; and on failure to do so, being convicted thereof, shall
be declared guilty of an official misdemeanor at common law,
and punished as such.
Sec. 3. And be it further ordained and decreed, &c.,
That all monies that may be received by the General Col-
lector by virtue of this ordinance and decree, shall be account-
ed for in the same manner as provided for by the ordinance
and decree to which this is a supplement.
Sec. 4. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
all and every person or persons from whom such two per
centum duties have been exacted since the first day of Decem-
ber, one thousand eight hundred and thirty-five, shall, upon
application to the Auditor of Public Accounts, and the pro-
duction of satisfactory and legal vouchers, that they have paid
the same, recover back all such two per centum duties so
exacted and paid as aforesaid; and the Auditor shall, upon all
and every such application, accompanied by legal vouchers,
as aforesaid, issue his draft upon the Treasury for the pay-
ment of the same.
Passed at San Felipe de Austin, Dec. 30, 1835.
JAMES W. ROBINSON,
Lieut. Gov. and ex-officio Pres’t of G. C.
. E. M. Pease, Sec’y of G. C.
(1021 )