Ordinances and Decrees.
143
Resolutions appointing Commissioners to treat with the
Comanche Indians.
Sec-. 1. Resolved by the General Council of the Provisional
Government of Texas, That five commissioners be appointed
to make and enter into at reaty of amity and commerce, on
the part of this Government, with the Comanche Indians:
provided, nevertheless, said treaty, when so made and entered
into, shall be subject to the examination of the Government
of Texas, either to be ratified or rejected by this Government,
or that which may succeed it.
Sec. 2. Be it further resolved, &c., That the said commis-
sioners be, and are hereby required to repair immediately to
the city of Bexar, for the purpose of meeting and treating
with the said Indians on the most favorable terms, in order to
secure their friendship, and at the same time not to sacrifice
the interest of Texas, or curtail the rights and privileges of
her citizens.
Sec. 3. Be it further resolved, &c., That the sum of five
hundred dollars be, and is hereby appropriated for the ex-
penses of said treaty, and to carry the same into effect; and
that John W. Smith, or the collector of public dues for the
department of Bexar, or either of them be, and is hereby au-
thorized, and fully empowered, to collect the aforesaid sum of
five hundred dollars, from any person or persons indebted to
this Government, or from any person or persons having in
their charge or possession, any money or monies belonging in
any manner to this Government; and to deliver and pay over
said sum of money, when so collected, to the commissioners
contemplated by these resolutions, taking duplicate receipts
from said commissioners for the same; one to be retained by
himself, and the other forwarded to the treasurer of Texas;
and, also, to report the same to the acting Governor and Coun-
cil.
Sec. 4. Be it further resolved, &c., That the acting Gov-
ernor of Texas, James W. Robinson, be, and is hereby
required and instructed to commission or otherwise ap-
point the commissioners who are to carry into effect the
treaty contemplated by these resolutions, upon receiving
a report of their election by the General Council, and
to give said commissioners such instructions as he may
deem expedient, in order to effect the object set forth in
(1047 )