Ordinances and Decrees.
149
EXECUTIVE ORDINANCE.
WEEREAS, we, the people of Texas, through our delegates in
General Convention assembled, for the purpose of framing
a Constitution, and organizing a Government under that
Constitution, free, sovereign and independent; and finding,
from the extreme emergency of the ease, and our critical
situation, that it is a duty we owe to our fellow-citizens and
ourselves, to look upon our present danger with a calmness
unruffled, and a determination unsubdued; and at the same
time, to pursue a prompt and energetic course for the sup-
port of our liberty and protection of our property and
lives; therefore,
1st. Resolved, That we deem it of vital importance to forth-
with, form, organize and establish a Government, “ad
interim," for the protection of Texas, which will have full,
ample and plenary powers to do all and every thing which is
contemplated to be done by the General Congress of the peo-
pie, under the powers granted to them by the constitution,
saving and excepting all legislative and judicial acts.
2nd. Resolved, That said Government shall consist of a
chief executive officer, to be styled the “President of the Re-
public of Texas;” a Vice-President, Secretary of State, Sec-
retary at War, Secretary of the Navy, Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and Attorney General, whose salaries shall be fixed and
determined by the first Congress of the Republic.
3rd. Resolved, That all questions touching the powers
hereby confided to these officers, shall be decided by a ma-
jority of said officers.
4th. Resolved, That the President be elected by this con-
vention: and that the candidate or individual having a ma-
jority of the whole number of votes given in, shall be, and is
hereby, declared to be duly elected.
5th. Resolved, That the Vice-President, the aforesaid Sec-
retaries and Attorney General, be elected by this Convention,
a majority of the whole number of votes being requisite to a
choice.
6th. Resolved, That the members of this body vote for the
above named officers “viva voce.”
7th. Resolved, That the officers so elected, be required to
take the oath prescribed by the Constitution.
( 1053 )