Proceedings of the General Council.
5
communications read to the Council this day, and to prepare a report
to be forwarded to the army.
On motion of Mr. Parmer, the Council proceeded to the election of a
Secretary of the General-Council. Whereupon, P. B. Dexter was duly
elected.
Accounts, marked “1” and "2" were presented, and, on motion, were
ordered to lie on the table until to-morrow.
On motion, the Council adjourned till 9 o’clock to-morrow morning.
Council Hall, )
November 16th, 1835. J
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Padilla, from the Municipality of Guadaloupe de Victoria, pre-
sented his credentials, and took his seat.
On motion of Mr. A. Houston,
"Resolved, That the General Council adopt for the government of its
deliberations, the rules and regulations as received by the Consultation at
its late session.”
The President presented to the Council a proposition from Mr. A.
Hotchkiss, to raise a company of artillerists to be incorporated into the
regular army of Texas, which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. Barrett, from the select committee to whom had been committed
the duty to make extracts from sundry communications from the United
States, and elsewhere, and to report to the army on the prospect before
us, made the following report:
"GENERAL COUNCIL-HALL, San Felipe de Austin, j
November 15, 1835.	J
The Council met at the special call of the Lieutenant-Governor, who
submitted a number of documents received since the last meeting, from
the United States, and various parts of Texas, principally relating to the
present situation of the country. After the papers and documents were
read, Mr. Barrett moved that Messrs, Martin, - Clements and Millard be
a committee to report upon the state of the army, &c., and that the Coun-
cil adjourn to meet in one hour.
- On meeting of the Council the committte made the following report:
“Your committee to whom was referred the present state of our army,
now in the field, and our views of the best course which we advise here-
after to be pursued, respectfully report:
“That in our opinion the Governor and Council should not appoint
or commission any officers for the command of said army unless pre-
viously elected or recommended by themselves, but that a confidential
correspondence be immediately and directly opened with some of the
most influential and active officers of the present army, now before Bexar,
with the view that their objects and intentions may be distinctly under-
stood, and that a committee of two gentlemen be appointed to proceed
immediately to headquarters, with instructions from the Governor and
Council, charged with this correspondence, should they find that the
army must inevitably break up, to advise a guarded and orderly retreat
(553)