6
Proceedings of the General Council.
upon the Guadaloupe, but if, in their opinion, they can sustain them-
selves in their present condition, until the artillery, ammunition, &c.,.
can be received from the United States and forwarded to that place, to-
do so by all means,—that this Council will do all in their power to sus-
tain them, and provide for their comfort.”
On motion, it was resolved that William Pettus and Thos. Gay be the
gentlemen to whom this correspondence shall be entrusted, with instruc-
tions to advise prompt and full communication with the Governor and
Council.
On motion of Mr. J. A. Wharton, it was resolved that Messrs. Barrett
and A. Houston be appointed a committee to make such extracts from
reports and documents, received by the General-Council as would give
them all the information now in its possession. The following extracts
contain all the information deemed .necessary to be communicated.
By a letter addressed to the Provisional Government, by the Committee
of Safety, of the jurisdiction of Liberty, dated the 9th inst., is the fol-
'lowing extract:
"The committee would respectfully express their hope that all personal
prejudices heretofore existing among us may be laid aside, and an uni-
versal feeling of harmony and confidence prevail. In behalf of their
fellow-citizens, they state that a premature Declaration of Independence
would be inexpedient, and injurious; that a temporary provisional organi-
zation of government with a careful attention to the development of
events is the best policy, that a precipitate secession from the Mexican
Republic might incur reprehension.”
By a letter from San Augustine, of the third inst., from the Commit-
tee of Safety of that jurisdiction, the General Council is informed that
sixty volunteers from the United States will reach that place to-morrow,
destined for. head quarters; that efforts are making to mount all the men
at Nacogdoches which can be obtained, destined for the same place, and
say that upwards of 40 mounted volunteers will march from this place on
the 6 th inst.; that the patriotism of the citizens of Ayish District, Tene-
haw, and Bevil’s settlement, is worthy of notice; that the people on Sa-
bine river seem wanting'in patriotism. That in this place thirteen horses
and four hundred dollars, cash, have been subscribed since Sunday last,,
added to former subscriptions destined for the support of their country,
make in the aggregate a considerable amount; much larger sums will
be advanced if necessary; that the whole number of men soon to march
from this place and Nacogdoches will make one hundred and fifty. We
wish to communicate the same, without delay, to the commander-in-
chief of the army of Texas. We enclose you a copy of a letter from
Natchitoches, from D. H. Vail, Esq., that you may see the interest felt
in that place for the citizens of Texas. The letter above referred to,
from D. H. Vail, is dated October 31st, 1835, from which we make the
following extract:
“On yesterday we started a subscription, and about $800, in different
articles, have been subscribed and received.—I have been appointed
treasurer—you must instruct the teams to haul out all I have to send.
The French population, indifferent, have come out ‘and subscribed lib-
erally to day, and I believe all will, eventually, assist. The company from
New Orleans, left to day at twelve o’clock, I have sent by them $100,
in blankets, clothing, and provisions. The Mexican Consul, at this place,
( 554 )