Proceedings of the General Council.
11
ments which Texas holds forth to the brave and enterprizing; but in
order that it may be now settled and not hereafter become the cause of
dissatisfaction.
7.	Some of our red brethren of the Cherokee, Shawnee and other of
their associate bands, are located on certain lands within our limits, to
which it is generally understood that they have a just and equitable title.
They have lately been interrupted in their title by surveys and locations
within the limits which they claim, which has created among them great
■dissatisfaction, I therefore recommend that you second the measures of
the laie Convention in this matter, and never desist until the objects
contemplated by that body be carried into effect.
8.	I recommend the employing of agents for foreign countries-; that
they be clothed with special powers, and that they be sent to different
points, with a view of procuring for Texas all the aid and assistance that
a generous and sympathizing world will bestow.
9.	I would also recommend the establishment of a Tariff, and the ap-
pointment of Revenue Officers to collect imposts and tonnage duties;
also a collector for the purpose of collecting all sums due the govern-ment
on lands or other sources.
10.	I would now call your attention to the Post-Office Department,
and would recommend the appointment of a Postmaster General—the
appointment made by the previous Council I highly approve, and trust
under your care that this department will flourish and extend its benefits
to every section of our country. I further recommend an express depart-
ment to continue during the war.
11.	No time should be lost in the organization of the militia, nor in
the local civil organization of the different jurisdictions of Texas, in
conformity with the plan of the provisional organization of the govern-
ment.
12.	You will find it necessary to appoint a Treasurer and perhaps other
officers which you may hereafter find requisite.
13.	It will also become your duty to select some place as the seat of.
government, at which to hold your regular sittings during the continn-
ance of the present form of government. In doing this you will throw
aside all local partialities and prejudices, and fix on that point possessing
most advantages, and the best calculated to forward our views by giving
promptness and energy to our united actions. I therefore deem it un-
necessary to make further suggestions on that subject, and will only
add, that a Council-Hall, together with other offices for the different de-
partments of government, is indispensable.
14.	I have now, gentlemen, touched upon all the matters of import-
ance that have presented themselves to me,—doubtless many have es-
caped my observation which you will detect. I will, from time to time,
present such other matters for your consideration as may occur to me.
Again permit me to remind you of the necessity of acting with energy,
boldness, and promptitude,—that the welfare of thousands depends upon
your actions. Your country possesses immense resources if properly de-
veloped; it is for you to quicken and enliven the energies of the body
politic, and make Texas the Eden of America.
I conclude, gentlemen, by expressing the hope that the Supreme ruler
of Nations will smile upon your councils, and that, by our united efforts,
( 559 )