Proceedings of the General Council.
15
this body. Receipts and disbursements of the public monies have been
hitherto carried on without system, consequently without any other re-
sponsibilities to the public than that high sense of moral feeling which
so eminently distinguishes the free sons of that country in revolutionary
times from which our citizens have descended.
The dispatch of business in times like the present is very important.
Great injuries are often consequent upon dilatory proceedings in matters
of public concernment; but while promptness is so important, order and
correctness should also prevail. The people should at all times have the
ready means of knowing the acts of their public agents; this can only
be done by adopting general rules, system and consistency of conduct,
in the observance of those rules, and recorded memorials of all our doings.
To this end your committee advise the creation of the office of Secretary
to the Executive, who shall also be the clerk of enrollment of the pro-
ceedings of the General Council. They also advise the appointment of
two clerks to the several standing committees, whose duties shall be
designated.
Your committee is concerned to see the want of unanimity in this body,
upon a proper location of a place where to establish the sittings and
offices bf the “Provisional Government.” Several places have been men-
tioned as suited to this object, and your committee being unprepared
to determine the matter, will briefly submit the representations made to
, them by different persons.
By some it is contended that the location should be in Washington
on the Brazos; this place is said to be situated in a thickly populated
country, and most central to the inhabited parts of Texas. It is known
that this town is of very recent origin, having few if any suitable build-
ings or rooms for public business, and no printing establishment. Con-
venience and retirement are necessary for public officers, in the dispatch
of business of the character in which we are now engaged. These ob-
jects cannot be expected at present in Washington, hereafter this place
will no doubt be fixed upon as the seat of Government.
The inconveniencies and discomforts of our present location are too
sensibly felt by every member of the Provisional Government to require
any remarks; an excellent and well conducted Press is the only present
inducement for continuing in San Felipe:—Matagorda and Velasco, des-
titute of the latter advantage, possesses no superiority of convenience for
business over San Felipe, and although strongly recommended by some,
will scarcely produce any difference of opinion in this body.
Brazoria, with the advantages of a good and well conducted Press, is
represented as having a suitable Council-Hall, well adapted rooms, and
other conveniences for the dispatch of public business. Its location upon
the navigable waters of the Brazos, affords almost hourly communication
with the coast, and the distance from the army will make but about one
day’s difference in travel more than to San Felipe, and about the same
as to Washington; but the badness of the roads at this season of the
year, is said to be a serious disadvantage, if not an insuperable objec-
tion.
With these statements your committee submits to the' wisdom of the
Council to determine the place of its sittings, and the location of the
Provisional Government.
( 563 )