16
Proceedings of the General Council.
Concluding with urging the necessity of prompt decision, Other mat-
ters will be reported to the Council as soon as time will permit.
D. C. BARRETT,
J. A. PADILLA,
DAN’L. PARKER,
Chairman.
Committee.
On motion of Mr. Houston, the foregoing report was adopted.
Accompanying the foregoing report, the committee submitted an ordi-
nance creating the offices of Treasury, Secretary to the Executive, Clerks
to several Committees, defining their duties, and for other purposes:
which was laid on the table.
Mr. Wyly Martin asked and obtained leave to vacate his seat for the
purpose of joining the army.
Mr. Houston moved that the Council adjourn, when it leaves this
place, to the town of Washington.
The question being taken on the above, and the Ayes and Noes were
demanded, the vote stood thus:
Ayes—Messrs. Wharton, Grimes, Barrett, Perry, Parker, Houston,
Parmer and Padilla—8.
Noes—Messrs. Clements, Millard, Hanks, Harris, Wilson and West
—6: so the question was decided in the affirmative.
Air. Houston moved that the Council adjourn to meet at Washington
on the 23rd inst., but withdrew his motion, at the suggestion of Mr. Bar-
rett, who offered the following, which was adopted:
“Resolved, that an express be immediately sent to Washington to in-
form the citizens of the removal of the Provisional Government to that
place, and requesting them to be in readiness to receive its officers; and
also that the fact of its removal be communicated to the army, and to
all parts of Texas.
On motion of Mr. Parker, Mr. W. S. Eisher was appointed to prepare
'the proceedings of the Consultation for publication, under the super-
vision of the committee of that body, to whom that duty had been com-
mitted.
On motion of Mr. Wharton, the same compensation was allowed to
Air. Eisher, while employed in that service, as was given to the Secretary
of the Council.
On motion of Mr. Wharton the Council adjourned till nine o’clock
to-morrow morning.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
November 18th, 1835. j
nine o’clock, a. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday having been read,
On motion of Mr. Wharton, the Council proceeded to the election of
supernumary members, from the several Municipalities, in order that
vacancies occurring therein may be promptly filled.
Whereupon, the following persons were put in nomination and duly
elected.
( 564)