18
Proceedings of the General Council.
Clerk to the Committees on Military Affairs, on Naval Affairs, and on
Land and Indian Affairs.
On motion of Mr. Harris, the Council adjourned to 7 o’clock, p. m.
Seven o’clock, p. m.
'The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
On motion of Mr. Parker, it was
“Resolved, that the Committee on Military Affairs be instructed to
take into their immediate consideration the object of the Convention,
in ordering an election to be held on the third Monday of December
next, for the purpose of organizing the Militia, and that they report
thereon, as soon as practicable, that it may be carried into immediate
effect.
Mr. Grimes, from the select committee to report on the present state
of the army, presented the following report:
To the honorable the
General Council of all Texas,
“Your committee, appointed to take into consideration the present
state of the army, now in the field, and to make report thereon, have had
the same under consideration and beg leave to make the following report:
“We recommend that a contractor for the present volunteer army be
forthwith appointed, and that he be required to purchase and forward to
head quarters for the use of the present army now in the field, as speedy
as possible, the articles named in the ordinance, submitted herewith.
“We learn, with pleasure, that a quantity of medicines have lately been
forwarded from this place, which have probably reached the army ere
this, and will be sufficient for the present emergency.
“We further recommend that the commander-in-chief be instructed
to require the said contractor to furnish the army such necessaries as they
shall from time to time require.
"We would very respectfully recommend to the Council the appoint-
ment of John W. Moore as a fit and suitable person to fill the place of
contractor as aforesaid, and that he be legally authorized and required
to proceed immediately to the performance of the aforesaid duties and
that Jie be vested with full power and authority to pledge the public
faith for the payment of such debts as he may contract by virtue of his
said appointment.
“We have also had under our consideration the propriety of establish-
ing an express route between the army and the General Council, and
deem it indispensably necessary.
“We therefore recommend that a committee of three be appointed to
contract with a fit and proper person, and upon the best terms to be pro-
cured, who shall be obligated to carry all necessary expresses between the
General Council and the army at the shortest notice, and in the most
expeditious manner.
“We further recommend that a copy of the foregoing report, when
adopted. be forwarded to the army by Capt. Wyly Martin.
DANIEL PARKER,
Chairman.
JESSE GRIMES, ) c .
J. D. CLEMENTS, f -ommttee.
(566)