20
Proceedings of the General Council.
cil, payable to him and his successors in office, for the faithful adher-
ence to, and fulfilment of the above enumerated restrictions.
5th. That commissions or licenses be not granted for a longer time
than six months, nor less than three, and in all cases to expire at the
conclusion of our war between Texas and the Central Government of
Mexico.
“Your committee would further most earnestly represent that the es-
tablishment of a small Naval force for the security of our extended
coast and the protection of our own commerce would seem to them high-
ly necessary and indispensable, and under that conviction would recom-
mend the purchase, arming, and equipping two schooners of twelve, and
two schooners of six guns each, to cruise in, and about the bays and har-
bors of our coast. This arm of the service should be confided and en-
trusted only to men whose nautical skill and experience are well known
and established, and whose activity and efficiency would with greater cer-
taintv secure the objects of its creation and organization.
A. G. PERRY,
Chairman.
W.R.EARRIS, Committee.
U. W L.b l.	)
The foregoing report having been read was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. Millard, from the committee on Finance, made the following re-
port:
“Your committee on Finance to whom was referred the accounts of
Thomas Bray and Madison M. Stevens beg leave to report.
“That the accounts so submitted against the Government of Texas
are, in their present form unreasonable and ought not to be paid.
The account marked "1," that of Thomas Bray for furnishing Cole’s
company of waggoners, with one hundred and seven pounds of bread,
at twenty-five cents per pound, amounting to twenty-six dollars and sev-
enty-five cents, should be reduced to fourteen cents per pound; and he
be allowed fifteen dollars and seventy-eight cents, in full for the amount
of his account. And further, the account of Madison M. Stevens, for
carrying one express to Nacogdoches,—that he be allowed compensation
for 10 days service, at two dollars and fifty cents per day, amounting to
twenty-five dollars, and that the amount of his expenses already paid be
deducted from the same, leaving a balance due him of ten dollars and
fifty cents.
“The above, in the opinion of this committee, would be paying the
above named individuals full compensation for articles furnished and
services rendered.
HENRY MILLARD,
Chairman.
CHARLES WILSON, ) Committe,
J. D. CLEMENTS, \ Committee.
The foregoing report having been read was ordered to lie on the table.
On motion of Mr. Houston, it was
"Resolved, that there be a committee of three appointed to prepare
and have 100 blank commissions printed as soon as possible: Messrs.
Houston, Barrett and West were appointed that committee.
(568)