Proceedings of the General Council.
21
On motion of Mr. Parker, it was
"Resolved, that the Secretary of the Provisional Government he au-
thorized to employ an assistant whenever he may deem it necessary and
render an account of his services to the Council.”
On motion of Mr. Wharton, the compensation to the Secretary of the
Provisional Government, was fixed at $6 per diem.
The oath prescribed by the organic law was administered by the Pres-
ident to the Secretary of the Provisional Government, and to the Chief
Clerk of the Standing Committees on Military, Naval, and Land and In-
dian Affairs.
On motion the Council adjourned till 9 o’clock, to-morrow morning.
COUNCIL Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
November 19 th, 1835. f
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journals of yesterday’s proceedings having been read,
Mr. Wharton presented the following:
“Eesolved, that all ordinances or decrees which may come before the
General-Council, either as reported by committees or any member there-
of, shall, on being offered, be distinctly read and laid on the table of
course, and unless in case of emergency, and being called up by some
member, and on vote by the Council, shall be read three successive clays
before passed, liable however to amendments on a second reading; and
no ordinance, decree, or resolution shall be finally passed until after a
third reading.
Mr. Perry moved to lay it on the table until the first day of March
next, which was rejected.
On motion of Mr. Millard, it was ordered to lie on the table.
On motion of Mr. Parker, the house took up the ordinance, making
provisions for the army now in the field.
Mr. Harris moved to amend it my adding to the list of articles .to be
purchased “25 camp kettles,” which was agreed to.
, Mr. Parker moved to amend by adding twenty axes, which was agreed
to.
Mr. Harris moved to amend further by adding “two dozen shovels,
and two dozen spades:” which was agreed to.
Whereupon, on motion of Mr. Parker, the ordinance as amended was
passed.
Mr. Wharton, from the committee on Military Affairs, presented the
following report:
Your committee to whom was referred that part of the Governor’s
Message which relates to the “organization of the Civil and Topograph-
ical Engineer Corps, and the commencement of fortification and defence
without delay;” have had the same under consideration, and beg leave
to report.
Your committee, deeply impressed with the great importance of an
established system and continued plan of national defence, and the many
advantages resulting, not only from a successful protection of our, here-
after it is to be hoped, extensive commerce; but the peace and security of
( 569 )