Proceedings of the General Council.
23
Whereas, Wm. Pettus, Sergeant at Arms of the Consultation, having
requested that Alexander Blair, his substitute, should receive the com-
pensation to which he would have been entitled, had he performed the
duties himself.
Therefore, be it resolved, That the said Alexander Blair, be and he
is hereby authorized to receive from the Secretary a certificate in his
own name, for services rendered to the Consultation as Sergeant at Arms,
and that the Secretary be required to execute the same.
Mr. Parmer, presented the account of Mrs. A. B. Peyton, for oxen
and waggon pressed into service, which was, on motion of Mr. Parker,
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. Houston, from the Committee on Military Affairs, presented the
following report:
Your committee to whom was referred the proposition of Capt. A.
Hotchkiss, to raise a corps of artillery, have had the same under con-
sideration, and have thought proper to return it to the Council.
Mr. Millard, moved that Mr. A. Hotchkiss, he elected a captain in
the regular army of Texas, and after some debate the mover withdrew
his motion, and moved that the foregoing report and accompanying
documents be referred to a select committee of two, which was agreed to.
The President appointed Messrs. Millard and Clements, as the com-
mittee.
On motion of Mr. Harris, the Council took up the report of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, which was laid on the table yesterday.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the report was ordered to be read section
by section.
The first section having been read, was on motion of Mr. Barrett,
adopted.
The second section having been read, on motion of Mr. Barrett, the
words “no other nation” were stricken out, and the words “the high
seas” inserted, when the second section was adopted.
The third section having been read, Mr. Parmer moved to strike out
“25” and fill the blank with “5 per cent;” other amendments having
been accepted by the committee, on motion of Mr. Barrett, the 3rd sec-
tion was adopted.
The fourth section having been read, it was moved to strike it out,
which was agreed to.
The fifth section having been read, Mr. Clements moved to strike out
the words “six months” and insert the words “three months,” which was
agreed to.
After some conversation among the members, Mr. Hanks moved a
re-consideration of the question on striking out, which was carried, and
the words “six months” again inserted, when the entire report, as amend-
ed, was adopted. •
A letter from the Committee of Vigilance and Safety of Nacogdoches
was read to the Council, which, on motion, was referred to the commit-
tee on Military Affairs, with instructions to make a copy to be forwarded
to the army, and to send another copy to the publishers of the Tele-
graph, with a request to have it printed.
A recommendation of M. W. Smith, for the office of Major was pre-
sented and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
(571).