28
Proceedings of the General Council.
sential to our business; the public printing has not been yet completed
or contracted for, which should be superintended by your body, nor has
there been any Legislative action known to me, prescribing or defining
the duties of our agents to be sent abroad; their commissions with au-
thority to hypothecate the public lands and pledge the faith of the coun-
try, to answer our present emergencies, have not been made out. Com-
missions granting letters of Marque and Reprisal, have been earnestly
solicited, both by our own citizens and foreigners, and as yet, have not
been acted on. These are things I deem of the most urgent and vital
importance, and should receive prompt attention.
Furthermore, I am not apprized that your body has made the neces-
sary arrangements for our comfortable location at Washington. It ap-
pears to me probable that more might be lost than gained by the move;
be that as it may, the move as contemplated and incorporated in the 6th
decree I deem premature, and calculated to produce delay and great in-
jury; as such, I feel bound to object to it. I would beg leave to suggest
to your honorable body that, notwithstanding our situations here may be
uncomfortable, and none can be more so than my own, still a sense of
public duty urges me to earnestly solicit your body to submit themselves
to all inconveniences for the present, until the grand and important busi-
ness of necessity can be accomplished, and they will find me willing to
co-operate with them in the selection of any point which they may deem
best calculated to promote our own convenience, and advance the public
good.
With sentiments of the highest regard and consideration, I remain,
Gentlemen,
Your obedient servant,
HENRY SMITH,
Governor.
San Felipe, 20th November, 1835.
On motion of the Council adjourned till nine o’clock to-morrow morn-
ing.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
November 21st, 1835.	J
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday’s proceedings having been read,
Mr. Harris moved that the names of members moving adjournments
of the Council be expunged from the minutes, which was negatived.
The President appointed Messrs. Millard and Grimes the Committee
on Enrollments.
Mr. Wharton, from the Committee on Military Affairs, presented the
following report, accompanied by an ordinance and decree to establish
and organize a corps of Rangers.
“Your committee, to whom was referred that part of the message in
relation to the corps of Rangers, have had the same under consideration,
and beg leave to report,—
(576 )