Proceedings of the General Council.
31
they may be ordered on the recruiting service: a measure which they
deem essentially necessary to filling up the ranks of the regular army.
The ordinance accompanying the above, was read first time and or-
dered to a second reading.
Mr. Millard, from the committee on enrollments, reported as duly
enrolled, "An ordinance regulating offices under the Provisional Govern-
ment.
Mr. Barrett, from the select committee appointed to prepare instruc-
tions for the agents elected by the Convention, to represent Texas in
the United States of the North, presented the following report, accom-
panied by an ordinance to authorize and empower Thomas F. McKinney,
of Velasco, to borrow one hundred thousand dollars, and making it the
duty of the Governor to give him corresponding commission, instruc-
tions, &c.
Your committee beg leave to report, that upon considering the matter,
they are unable to find any acts of the Convention, or of this Council,
whereon to base instructions for the conduct of said agents, or any “data”
which can guide your committee in an opinion of their duties, but from
all the information they can obtain, your committee have concluded,
that the agents should receive their instructions from the Executive; but
in order to enable the Governor to give the necessary instructions, an
ordinance should first be originated by the Committee of State, and
passed and approved, defining in general, the powers and duties of the
agents, and make it the duty of the Executive to give such instructions
as will be conformable to the resolutions of the Convention and the ordi-
nances of the General Council, made with reference to the subject in
view, when this office was created. But your committee cannot advise
that the Committee of State be instructed upon this subject with pro-
priety, until the reports of the several committees on the Military, Navy
and Finance, have been received and passed, &c., and advise that this
Council instruct these committees severally, to make their general re-
ports upon the matters referred to them, when the Committee of State
will be prepared to report an ordinance as suggested for the considera-
tion of this Council.
Your committee therefore ask to be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the matter submitted, but take the liberty to report the
following ordinance, which they are induced to do from the emergency
and great press of business.
On motion of Mr. Barrett the above report was received.
The ordinance accompanying the above, having been read the first
time, on motion of Mr. Parker, the rule of the House requiring ordi-
nances, &c., to be read on three successive days was suspended, and the
ordinance read a second time.
On motion of Mr. Parker, the rule was further suspended, and the
ordinance read a third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. Parmer, the Council adjourned to half past two
o’clock, p. m.
HALF PAST TWO O’CLOCK, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
A paper marked No. 6, was read to the Council, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
( 579 )