34
Proceedings of the General Council.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
November 23, 1835. j
nine o’clock, a. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday’s proceedings having been read,
Mr. Power, from Refugio, presented himself, took the oath prescribed
by the organic law, and was admitted to a seat in the Council.
On motion of Mr. Harris, it was
- “Resolved, That a select committee of three be appointed to examine,
and report upon the papers and documents relating to the election of Ira
Westover, as a member of the Consultation from the Municipality of
Goliad, and his right to a seat in the General Council.
The President appointed Messrs. Harris, Power and Milard that com-
mittee.
Mr. Hanks, from the Committee on Military Affairs, made the follow-
ing report:
Your committee to whom was referred certain documents and letters-
from the committee of safety and vigilance of Nacogdoches, containing
information useful to the army of the people, beg leave to report, that
they have performed the duty assigned them, and pray to be discharged
from the further consideration thereof; which, on motion, was received
and adopted.
Mr. Parker, from the Select Committee to whom had been committed
the -duty to provide committee rooms, begged leave to report, that no
suitable room is yet found for the Executive. The present Council room
is thought by your committee to be the most suitable for the Council of
any yet found. Three committee rooms are provided, one at Mr. John-
son’s, for the use of the Military Committee, one at Doct. Small’s, for
the use of the Committee on Finance, one at Mr. Fletcher’s, for the Com-
mittee on State Affairs. And your committee would recommend that
this Council room should be under the control of the Committee on Land
and Indian Affairs, in time of adjournments.
DANIEL PARKER, Chairman.
On motion, the above report was received.
Mr. Clements, introduced an ordinance prescribing the manner and
form of settling the accounts of the volunteer army of Texas, which was
read the first time and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. Wilson presented the following, which was ordered to lie on the
table.
“Resolved, That the Chairman of the Committee on Finance, be re-
quired to report on matters properly before them.”
On motion of Mr. Hanks, the House proceeded to the consideration of
the orders of the day.
An ordinance and decree to raise a regular army, was taken up and
read a second time.
Mr. Harris moved to amend the first section, by adding after the words
“two years” or “during the war,” which was agreed to.
Mr. Millard moved to amend it by substituting one Colonel, one Lieu-
tenant-Colonel, and one Major of Infantry, instead of two Lieutenant-
Colonels and two Majors, which was agreed to.
( 582 )