Proceedings of the General Council.
35
Mr. Hanks moved to amend the ordinance by adding the two follow-
ing sections:
Sec. 5. Be it further ordained and decreed, that every non-commis-
sioned officer and private of the regular army of Texas shall receive, and
it is hereby granted to him or his heirs, or legal representatives or as-
signs, one mile square or 640 acres of land, after he shall have received
an honorable discharge, to which he shall be entitled, for faithful
vice agreeably to the terms of his enlistment.
Sec. 6. Be it further ordained and decreed, That there shall be
ser-
en-
listed for each company of the regular army of Texas one drummer and
one fifer, who shall be- entitled to the pay rations and clothing of a ser-
geant, and to the same bounty in land as the non-commissioned officers
and privates of the regular army, which were adopted, when the ordi-
nance was ordered to a third reading to-morrow.
An. ordinance to establish and organize a corps of rangers, was taken
up and read a second time.
Mr. Parker moved its re-committal to a special committee of three,
which was negatived.
.Mr. Wharton moved that the rule of the House be suspended, and the
ordinance read a third time, which was negatived, and the ordinance
ordered to a third reading to-morrow.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, Mr. John W. Moody of the Municipality of
Mina, was elected Clerk to the Committee on Affairs of State, and Judi-
ciary. and Einance.
On motion, the Council adjourned till 9 o’clock, to-morrow morning.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
November 24, 1835.	)
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday’s proceedings having been read,
Mr. Barrett, from the Committee on State Affairs and Judiciary, pre-
sented an ordinance for appointing a Treasurer to the Provisional Gov-
ernment of Texas, a Secretary to the Executive, and two Chief Clerks,
defining their several duties, &c., which was read a first time and ordered
to a second reading.
On motion, the President ordered the sergeant-at-arms to cause the
noise which annoyed and interrupted the Council to cease.
The sergeant-at-arms returned and reported that Mr. Urbane refused
to desist from interrupting the Council.
Whereupon the President issued a warrant for the sergeant-at-arms to
arrest Mr. Urbane.
The sergeant-at-arms brought Mr. Urbane before the Council, when
he made,suitable apology, and, on motion of Mr. Barrett, was discharged.
Mr. Hanks, from the Committee on Military Affairs, introduced an
ordinance for the organization of the Militia, which was read a first time.
On motion of Mr. Wharton, the rule was suspended, and the ordi-
nance read a second time.
Mr. Clements moved to amend the ordinance by adding the two fol-
lowing sections:
( 583 )