Proceedings of the General Council.
39
The foregoing message having been read.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the House proceeded to reconsider the
ordinance authorizing and empowering T. F. McKinney, of Velasco, to
borrow one hundred thousand dollars, and making it the duty of the
Governor to give him corresponding commissions, instructions, &c.
The question was then put "shall this ordinance now pass? the veto,
of the Governor to the contrary notwithstanding.”
The Ayes and Noes being called for, the vote stood thus:
Ayes—Messrs. Barrett, Clements, Grimes, Harris, Hanks, Millard,
Pamer, Parker, Powers, West, Westover and Wilson—12.
Noes—None; so the ordinance passed.
On motion of Mr. Harris, the Council proceeded to reconsider the or-
dinance for the establishment of a Navy, and for granting letters of
marque and reprisal.
When the question was put "shall this ordinance now pass? the veto
of the Governor to the contrary notwithstanding.”
The Ayes and Noes being called for, the vote stood thus:
Ayes—Messrs. Harris, Power and Westover—3.
Noes—Messrs. Barrett, Clements, Grimes, Hanks, Millard, Parker,
Parmer and West—8: so the ordinance was lost.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the ordinance was recomitted to the Stand-
ing Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. Harris, Mr. Westover was added to the Standing'
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. Hanks presented the following resolution:
“Eesolved, that this Council now go into the election of Judges for the
several jurisdictions of Texas, and also the appointment of commission-
ers to carry into effect the organization of the militia as contemplated in
the organic law, and in accordance with an ordinance and decree of the
Council, and Proclamation of the Governor.”
The foregoing resolution having been read, was adopted.
Mr. Barrett moved a reconsideration of the vote on the above reso-
lution, which was carried, and the resolution ordered to lie on the table.
On motion, of Mr. Parmer, the Council adjourned till 9 o’clock to-
morrow morning.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
November 25th, 1835. j
nine o’clock, a. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journals of yesterday’s proceedings having been read,
Mr. Barrett, from the Committee on State Afairs and Judiciary, re-
ported as duly enrolled an ordinance for appointing a Treasurer to the
Provisional Government, &c.
The Executive’s Secretary presented the following message from his
Excellency, the Governor.
Executive Department of Texas.
To the Honorable, the President, and
Members of the Legislative Council.
Gentlemen—I herewith transmit, for your information, the docu-
ments received from head-quarters, by express. You will make such dis-
(587)