40
Proceedings of the General Council.
position of them as your judgment may direct. I have also transmitted
the two last ordinances sent by your body to this department, which I
approve, and have signed.
The company of volunteers with Capt. Reed are now here and await-
ing orders. Y ou will therefore make such disposition of them as the
interest and exigencies of the country may require.
J am, gentlemen, with sentiments of the highest regard' and considera-
tion.
Your obedient servant,
HENRY SMITH,
Governor.
November 25th, 1835.
The message having been read,
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the Council went into secret session. After
some time spent therein, the doors were opened, when, Mr. Millard, from
the Committee on Enrollment, presented, as duly enrolled, an ordinance
prescribing the manner and form of settling the accounts of the volun-
teer army of Texas.
Mr. Harris, from the Committee on Naval Affairs, presented an ordi-
nance for granting letters of marque and reprisal, which was read a first
time.
On motion of Mr. Parmer, the rule of the House was suspended, and
the ordinance read a second time
Mr. Hanks moved that the words "twenty per cent.” be stricken out,
and the words “ten per cent.” be inserted, which was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. Parmer, the rule of the House was further suspend-
ed, and the ordinance read a third time, when the question was taken
on its final passage, and decided in the affirmative: so the ordinance
passed.
Mr. Millard, from the Committee on Enrollments, presented, as duly
enrolled, an ordinance and decree for organzing a corps of Rangers, and
an ordinance and decree to raise a regular army.
Mr. Harris, from the Committee on Naval Affairs, introduced an ordi-
nance for establishing a Navy, which was read a first time.
On motion, the rule of the House was suspended, and the ordinance
read a second time.
Mr. Barrett moved that the words “high seas,” be stricken out, and
the words “Gulf of Mexico” be inserted, which was lost.
On motion, the rule of the House was further suspended, and the ordi-
nance read a third time.
When the question was taken on its final passage, and decided in the
affirmative; so the ordinance passed.
The Council then took up the ordinance and decree to purchase pro-
visions, munitions of war, &c., for the regular army, and for the defence
of the sea coast; and after some consideration, on motion of Mr. Barrett,
it was laid on the table until to-morrow.
The President submitted to the House the petition of L. Smithers,
for losses by volunteer army, &c., which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Account, marked No. 11, was presented and referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
On motion the Council adjourned till 9 o’clock to-morrow morning.
( 588 )