Proceedings- of the General Council.
41
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, 1 -
November 26th, 1835.
S
nine o’clock, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journals of yesterday’s proceedings having been read,
Mr. Dexter tendered his resignation, as Secretary of this Council,
which was accepted.
Whereupon, Mt. Barrett nominated E. M. Pease for Secretary of this
Council, who was unanimously elected, and after taking the oath pre-
scribed by the organic law, entered upon the discharge of the duties of
his office.
Mr. Harris, from the Committee on Naval Affairs, presented, as duly
enrolled, an ordinance for establishing a Navy; and an ordinance for
granting letters of marque and reprisal.
On motion of Mr. Wharton, the resolution for the appointment of
. Judges and Commissioners for organizing the militia, was taken up and
passed.
On the nomination of Mr. Wharton, L. C. Manson was appointed First
Judge, and Robert Mills Second Judge, for the jurisdiction of Brazoria.
On the nomination of Mr. Grimes, Mr. James Hall was appointed
First Judge, and Hugh M'Guffin Second Judge, for the Municipality of
Washington.
On the nomination of Mr. Clements, Andrew Ponton was appointed
First Judge, and Charles Lockhart Second Judge, for the Municipality
of Gonzales.
On the nomination of Mr. Barrett, Sinclair Gervis was appointed First
Judge, and Thomas Ninny Second Judge, for the Municipality of Mina.
On the nomination of Mr. Parker, John Forbes was appointed First
Judge, and Radford Berry Second Judge, for the Municipality of
Nacogdoches.
On the nomination of Mr. Pam er, John G. Love was appointed First
Judge, and W. N. Sigler Second Judge, for the Municipality of San
Augustine.
On the nomination of Mr. Harris, H. H. League was appointed First
Judge, and Nathaniel Lynch, Second Judge, for the jurisdiction of Har-
risburg.
On the nomination of Mr. Hanks, George W. Smith was appointed .
First Judge, and Joseph Mott, Second Judge, for the Municipality of
Bevil.
On the nomination of Mr. Parmer, Emery Rains was appointed First
Judge, and James English, Second Judge, for the Municipality of Tene-
haw.
On the nomination of Mr. West, Chichestor Chaplain, was appointed
First Judge, and on motion of Mr. Millard, William T. Hatton was ap-
pointed Second Judge, for the Municipality of Jefferson.
On the nomination of Mr. Padilla, Placido Benavidas was appointed
First Judge, and Francisco Cardenas, Second Judge for the Municipality
of Guadaloupe Victoria.
On the nomination of Mr. Westover, Encainacion Vasques was ap-
pointed First Judge, and Robert Galan, Second Judge, for the Munici-
pality of Goliad.
On the nomination of Mr. Power, Martin Power was appointed First
(589 )