42
Proceedings of the General Council.
Judge, and Martin Lawler, Second Judge, for the Municipality of Re-
fugio.
On the nomination of Air. Padilla, Juan N. Seguin was appointed
First Judge, and Miguel Arceniega, Second Judge, for the Municipality
of Bexar.
On the nomination of Mr. Wharton, George Ewing was appointed
First Judge, and Gail Borden, Second Judge, for the Municipality of
Austin.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the appointment of Judges for the Munici-
pality of Matagorda was postponed until to-morrow.
The Council then proceeded to elect Commissioners for organizing the
militia.
On the nomination of Mr. Wharton, J. S. D. Byrom, Matthew Patton
and James O’Conner were elected for the Municipality of Brazoria.
On the nomination of Mr. Grimes, James J. Foster, John W. Flail and
Asa Mitchell were elected for the Municipality of Washington.
On the nomination of Mr. Barrett, James S. Lester, Samuel Wolfen-
berger and Reuben Hornsby were elected for the Municipality of Mina.
On the nomination of Mr. Clements, Wm. W. Arrington, Andrew
Ponton and Benjamin Friqua were elected for the Municipality of Gon-
zales.
On the nomination of Mr. Grimes, Silas M. Parker, J. G. W. Pierson
and William Taylor were elected for the Municipality of Viesca.
On the nomination of Mr. Parker, Richard Sparks, George W. Pollett
and Arthur Henrie were elected for the Municipality of Nacogdoches.
On the nomination of Mr. Pamer, Samuel'Davis, William Nash and
Daniel M’Daniel were elected for the Municipality of San Augustine.
On the nomination of Mr. Harris, William Little, James Cooper and
Wm. Scott were elected for the Municipality of Harrisburg.
On the nomination of Mr. Hanks, Isaac Werifrey, John Bevil and
B. X. Mudd were elected for the municipality of Bevil.
On the nomination of Mr. Pamer, Richard Haley, Jonas Harrison, and
William English were elected for the Municipality of Tenehaw.
On the nomination of Air. West, Richard Bellew, George A. Patillo
and Theron Strong were elected for the Municipality of Jefferson.
On the nomination of Air. Padilla, Sylvester DeLeon, Placido Bena-
vidas and Manuel Carabajal were elected for the Municipality of Guada-
loupe Victoria.
One the nomination of Mr. Power, Robert Carlisle, John Coglin and
Eleanor Brush were elected for the Municipality of Refugio.
. On the nomination of Mr. Westover, Caleb Bennett, Antonio Vasques
and Ramon Falcon were elected for the Municipality of Goliad.
On the nomination of Air. Millard, Hugh B. Johnson, B. W. Hardin
and Jesse Devore were elected for the Municipality of Liberty.
On the nomination of Air. Hanks, Thomas Gay, John Jones and Eli
Mercer were elected for the Municipality of Austin.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the appointment of Commissioners for the
Municipality of Matagorda was postponed until to-morrow.
The Executive’s Secretary presented the following ordinances, ap-
proved and signed by the Governor:
“An ordinance and decree to establish and organize a corps of Ran-
gers.
( 590 )