46
Proceedings of the General Council.
of the independent kingdoms of Europe, the amount of whose agricultu-
ral productions, and whose commercial and other advantages, place them
far below the standard of our prospective rank among the nations of
the earth. But we must now confine ourselves to the consideration of
Texas, with reference to her capability of raising a revenue and laying the
basis, and establishing a permanent system of taxes and imposts for the
present and future operations of the government. The source from which
this state must derive one. of her certain permanent incomes is the sale
of her public domain, and her indubitable right to tax every acre of land
within her limits to defray the expenses of her government.
The whole of Texas comprised between the Sabine and Rio Grande,
is computed to contain 250,000 square miles, and only a very small por-
tion of this domain has been granted to individuals or settlers, say 10,-
000,000 of acres, this amount is acknowledged to be a proper subject of
revenue, inasmuch as the tax can be fixed upon each acre, admitting that
each acre of land were taxed one cent, a direct tax would amount to 100,-
>000 dollars.
The sale of the public domain, the manner and form of which, it is
to be hoped will hereafter be regulated and prescribed by a policy more in
accordance with its enhanced value, superinduced by our recent change
in Government, will prove if properly nurtured a fruitful source of reve-
nue.
The amount of receipts into the Treasury of the United States of
America, from this source, has since their existence as a nation been
upwards of a million of dollars per annum, and by a comparison of the
extent of the public domain of Texas, with that of the United States, we
can fairly compute our amount of revenue at one-fourth of that sum, say
250,000 dollars per annum,from the sale of our public lands; but these data
are necessarily computable and present only a plan of revenue, not im-
mediately available for the expenses of the current year, inasmuch as the
■establishment of a direct tax, the tardy operation of its collection, the pre-
liminary surveys, and sale of the public lands, all require time for their
rendition into available means to defray the pressing exigencies of the
State. A direct tax on slaves, comes next in order as a subject of certain
revenue, and your committee recommend a tax of one dollar on all slaves
in Texas over fourteen and under fifty years of age.
Your committee have, therefore, sought for some plan of internal reve-
nue, simple in its character, less expensive in its nature, and unattended
by preliminary statutes and regulations, tardy in their formation, and
still more dilatory in their execution and returns.
The first subject presenting itself as a speedy and available source of
revenue, is the duty on foreign tonnage. It must be confessed that this
branch of the revenue must be small but progressive, and governed by
the amount of commerce and the consequent number of vessels engaged
in our trade. Your committee have not been able from the state of
things heretofore existing, to obtain an accurate return of the number
■of vessels actually engaged in the commerce of Texas, but we may assure
ourselves that the number will certainly be increased tenfold, when the
position we have assumed as a State, “Sovereign and Independent” shall
become more generally known, and the tide of emigration to this favored
land, shall have wafted to our shores, a double, tripple, nay a quadruple
population.
(594 )