Proceedings of the General Council.
47
From the best information obtained from various sources, there were
shipped last year from the different ports of Texas about thirty thousand
bales of cotton. The crops in this fine material, was not so great, nor the
quantity of land appropriated to the culture of this staple, so considerable
as that of the present year by one hundred per cent, and we may there-
fore estimate our export of cotton at 60,000 bales.
The vessels required for this service agreeably to the best data obtained
on this subject, require a tonnage of one to each bale, not for the purpose
alone of transporting this number of bales, but for return cargoes pur-
chased in the United States and Foreign countries, from the proceeds
of this staple for our Texas market. Assuming this data as correct, and
■assuming the rate of tonnage duties at what it was when Texas was a
member of the Confederated States of Mexico, now no more, namely,
$2,12 1-2 cents per ton, the amount derived from this branch of the
revenue, could be fairly estimated at 125,000 dollars.
This may be condensed among the available resources, from which we
are to derive the means of defraying the pressing exigencies of our newly
created Government.
Another sure and certain source of available revenue presents itself
to the consideration of your committee, viz: An export duty on cotton
which it would not be deemed too high to place at one quarter of a cent
per pound. The ease and facility with which this duty can be collected,
and the near approach of the season for the exportation of the article,
must necessarily render this subject of impost, in the opinon of your
committee the first on the list of available means.
Your committee therefore recommend a duty of one quarter of a cent
per pound for every pound of cotton exported out of Texas. Assuming
the amount of bales exported as correct in the preceding item on tonage,
the revenue would be increased by this item of impost about 60,000 dol-
lars.
Imposts or custom duties, upon importations of merchandize in a
■country where commerce constitutes an extensive branch of industry is
the most fruitful, as well as the most available source of revenue of the
Treasury, and should be nurtured as well as regulated with the greatest
•care, so as to equalize the tax upon the various commodities imported, in
reference to the several class of consumers, the merchant, the manufac-
turer and the Government itself.
A well regulated tariff is commonly resorted to by the most politic,
among the commercial nations of the civilized world, but in our infant
state with a blank Treasury, your committee recommend a less compli-
cated system, than a • designation of specific duties; a general “ad
valorem” duty in the way of a certain rate per cent, upon the value of
the cargo as shown by the manifest, and regulated' so as to guard against
all frauds and infractions of the revenue.
This plan may be divided into two classes of articles of commerce and
importation. First. Such as are commonly called debenture. Second.
All other merchandize not included in the first class. The first should
be fixed and pay duty or per cent, double the latter, say the first class
to be charged 30 per cent., the second class 15 per cent.
Your committee are decidedly of opinion that this system would bet-
ter suit our present situation and circumstances, and its adoption would
( 595 )