Proceedings of the General Council.
49
into competition with other nations, whose institutions and government
have long been established and'organized. Your committee have been
guided and impelled only by a deep conviction of the urgent necessity
of the case, and confidently believe, that both principal and interest of
the debt, will not only be secure and certain, but at no very distant
period entirely refunded from the revenue arising from the various
sources above indicated.
Your committee under these circumstances have drafted a special ordi-
nance and decree, of which they recommend the immediate adoption by
the Governor and Council, and suggest that its provisions be carried into
effect forthwith.
The ordinance and decrees necessary to carry into effect the sugges-
tions contained in this report on the subject of a direct tax, impost
duties, tonnage, &c., will be prepared and arranged as soon as practicable,
to meet properly the subjects referred to.
HENRY MILLARD, Chairman.
CHAS WILSON, ) c ...
J. D. CLEMENTS. f Committee.
The foregoing having been read, was ordered to lie on the table.
The ordinance accompanying the above, entitled an ordinance and
decree to raise a loan to defray the expenses of the Provisional Govern-
ment of Texas, was read a first time and ordered to lie on the table.
The House went into consideration of the orders of the day.
An ordinance and decree to purchase munitions of war, provisions,
arms, &c., for the army of Texas, and the defence of the sea coast, was
read a third time, and, after some amendments’ the question was taken
on its final passage, and decided in the affirmative: so the ordinance
passed.
The appointment of Judges, &c., for Matagorda, was postponed until
to-morrow.
On motion the Council adjourned till 9 o’clock to-morrow morning.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
November 28, 1835.	5
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journals of yesterday’s proceedings having been read,
Mr. Hanks, from the Committee on Military Affairs, reported as duly
enrolled, an ordinance appointing a commissary to take charge of volun-
teers for the army, and defining his duties.
The oath prescribed by the organic law, was administered by the Pres-
ident to J oshua Fletcher, Treasurer pro tem. .
Mr. Millard from the Committee on Enrollments, presented as duly en-
rolled, an ordinance and decree to purchase munitions of war, provisions,
arms, &c., for the army of Texas, and defence of the sea coast.
Mr. Barnett, member from Austin, appeared, took the oath prescribed
by the organic law, and took his seat.
On motion of Mr. Parker, the Council went into secret session, and
after some time spent therein the doors were opened.
(597)