Proceedings of the General Council.
51
SEVEN 0‘CLOCK, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
On motion of Mr. Farmer, the Council proceeded to elect Judges for
the Municipality of Matagorda. S. Rhodes Fisher and Charles Wilson
were put in nomination for First Judge, and Thomas M. Duke, Robert H.
Boice and Hamilton L. Cook were put in nomination for Second Judge.
Mr. Farmer moved that the election be made viva voce, which was
negatived, when the Council proceeded to ballot.
On counting the ballot, there were for
Charles Wilson, for First Judge,
Thomas M. Duke,
CC CC
S. Rhodes Fisher, “	"
For Charles Wilson, for Second Judge
" Robert H. Boice, “
“ Thomas M. Duke,
“ Hamilton L. Cook,
CC	CC
CC	» CC
CC	CC
6
5
2
6
1
1
votes.
<(
a
CC
a
CC
CC
Whereupon, Charles Wilson was declared duly elected First and Sec-
ond Judge for the Municipality of Matagorda.
Mr. Wilson declined the offi.ce of Second Judge, when, on motion of
Mr. Wharton, the rule for voting by ballot was suspended, and the House
proceeded to elect a Second Judge, viva voce.
On the nomination of Mr. Wharton, Thomas M. Duke was elected
Second Judge for the Jurisdiction of Matagorda.
On the nomination of Mr. Hanks, Jefferson George, Bailey Hardiman
and Hamilton L. Cook were unanimously elected Commissioners for the
organization of the Militia for the Municipality of Matagorda.
Mr. Parker reported, as duly enrolled, an ordinance to purchase provi-
sions for the volunteer army of the People of Texas.
The President submitted to the Council the following communications,
viz:
A letter from Joel T. Case, together with the proceedings of the citi-
zens of Mobile, in public meeting, expressive of their sympathy for the
People of Texas in their present struggle, and appointing a committee
to receive and forward contributions for out aid, &c.
A letter from J. L. Almonte, the Mexican Minister to the United States
of the North, to Capt. James Gaines, on the subject of a change of gov-
ernment, sale of Texas, &c., &c.
A letter from the chairman of the Committee of Safety of Nacog-
doches, together with certain resolutions, passed by that body on the
15th inst., on the subject of our separation from the Mexican Govern-
ment, &c., &c., all of which were read and ordered to lie on the table. -
By leave of the Council, General Houston read several letters from the
United States of the North, tendering assistance, and expressing sym-
pathy for the People of Texas in their struggle for liberty.
Mr. Wharton moved that the Council now proceed to the election of
company, officers of the regiment of Infantry of the army of Texas.
Mr. Hanks demanded the Yeas and Noes on the motion, which being
seconded, they were taken, and stood as follows:
Ayes—Messrs. Wharton, Barrett, Clements, Parker, Millard, Parmer,
West, Powers and Westover—9.
Noes—Messrs. Hanks and Harris—2: so the motion was carried.
( 599 )