52
Proceedings of the General Council.
Mr. Clements moved that the election be made with closed doors, which
was negatived.
Mr. Wharton moved that the election be made viva voce, which was
agreed to.
Mr. Hanks moved an adjournment, which was negatived.
On the nomination of Mr. Parker, James Carter was appointed a Cap-
tain, Henry Teal First Lieutenant, and Madison Whitaker, Second Lieu-
tenant, in the Regiment of Infantry of the army of Texas.
On the .nomination of Mr. Barnett, John Byrd was appointed a Cap-
tain, John York, First Lieutenant, and M’Henry Winborne, Second
Lieutenant, in the Regiment of Infantry of the army of Texas.
On the nomination of Mr. Clements, Ezekiel Williams was appointed
a Captain, William H. Smith, First Lieutenant, and Benjamin F. Sand-
ers, Second Lieutenant, in the Regiment of Infantry of the army of Texas.
On the nomination of Mr. Millard, Mr. Briscoe was appointed a Cap-
tain, Franklin Hardin, First Lieutenant, and Milton Hardin, Second
ieutenant, in the Regiment of Infantry of the army of Texas.
On the nomination of Mr. Wharton, James Collinsworth was appoint-
ed a Captain, Leander H. M’Neil, First Lieutenant, and Pleasant Bull,
Second Lieutenant, in the Regiment of Infantry of the army of Texas.
On the nomination of Mr. Parmer, Robert Boyd Irvine was appointed
a Captain, George English, First Lieutenant, and Leonard H. Mabbitt,
Second Lieutenant, in the Regiment of Infantry of the army of Texas.
On the nomination of Mr. Barrett, Robert M. Coleman was appointed
a Captain, Amasa Turner, First Lieutenant, Benjamin C. Wallace, Sec-
ond Lieutenant in the Regiment of Infantry of the army of Texas.
On the nomination of Mr. Wharton, George M. Collinsworth was ap-
pointed a Captain, John Bowman First Lieutenant, and William E.
Hooth, Second Lieutenant, in the Regiment of Infantry of the army of
Texas.
On the nomination of Mr. Grimes, John W. Martin was appointed a
Captain, J. W. Shepard, First Lieutenant, Jefferson Allcorn Second Lieu-
tenant, in the Regiment of Infantry of the Army of Texas.
On the nomination of Mr. Harris, George F. Richardson was appointed
a Captain, Robert Wilson, First Lieutenant, and D. L. Cokenot, Second
Lieutenant, in the Regiment of Infantry of the army of Texas.
Mr. Hanks reported, as duly enrolled, an ordinance and decree supple-
mental to an ordinance and decree appointing a Commissary to take
charge of the volunteers of the army of Texas, and defining his duties,
passed November 27th, 1835.
On motion of Mr. Wharton, the Council proceeded to the election of
officers of the corps of Rangers.
On the motion of Mr. Parker, the election was ordered to be made
viva voce.
On the nomination of Mr. Parker, Isaac W. Burton was appointed a
Captain, Horatio McHanks, First Lieutenant, and Thomas Robbins, Sec-
ond Lieutenant, in the corps of Rangers.
On the nomination of Mr. Clements, William H. Arrington was ap-
pointed a Captain Jesse M’Coy, First Lieutenant, and Littleton Tumblin-
son, Second Lieutenant, in the corps of Rangers.
On the nomination of Mr. Barrett, John J. Tumblinson was appointed
a Captain in the corps of Rangers.
( 600 )