Proceedings of the General Council.
53
Mr. Barrett nominated Joseph Rodgers for First Lieutenant.
Mr. Wharton nominated Lancelot Smithers for First Lieutenant, when
the vote was taken, and Lancelot Smithers was appointed First Lieuten-
.ant of Rangers.
On the nomination of Mr. Wharton, Joseph Rodgers was appointed
Second Lieutenant of Rangers.
Mr. Hanks submitted a letter recommending R. M. Williamson for
Major of the corps of Rangers, signed by a large number of citizens.
Mr. Power nominated James Kerr.
Mr. Parker stated that J. G. AV. Pierson was a candidate.
When the ballots were counted, there were for
R. M. Williamson, -	-	■ -	6
James Kerr,	5
votes.
c
Whereupon, R. M. Williamson was declared duly elected Major of the
■corps of Rangers.
The President submitted the certificates of the election of Thomas J.
Western, Peter Grayson, Benjamin Smith, Diego Grant and Ira West-
-over to the Convention, which, on motion of Mr. Barrett, were ordered
to be filed among the papers of the Convention.
On motion, the Council adjourned till 9 o’clock, to-morrow morning.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
November 29th, 1835.	5
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The Executive’s Secretary presented the following message from his
Excellency, the Governor.
Executive DEPARTMENT of Texas.
To the Honorable, the President, and
Members of the Legislative Council.
GENTLEMEN—Our fellow-citizen, Major Samuel Whiting, wishes to leave
forthwith for New Orleans, he has been rendering services to the country,
and has a desire to continue his usefulness, by being instrumental in fit-
ting out privateers, in conformity with a decree,’passed by your body,
on that subject. He has applied to me for blank commissions, to be
filled out as opportunity or circumstances shall direct. I would there-
fore suggest to your body the propriety of passing an ordinance autho-
rizing the Executive to vest him with authorities to fill out the blanks
under the special instructions from the Executive, in conformity with
said ordinance. As this matter should be expedited, immediate action
will be necessary. I herewith transmit for your information, transcripts
from certain letters from the United States, which has been handed to
me. Some of the Mobile Volunteers have arrived in this town and called
on me to know what disposition will be made of them. It will probably
be a courtesy due to these men to enquire the reasons of their separation
(601)