54
Proceedings of the General Council.
from the balance of their company, and make such disposition of them
as their merit may require.
With sentiments, &e., &c.,
Your obedient servant,
HENRY SMITH, Governor.
November 29th, 1835.
The communications accompanying the above were read and laid on
the table.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, it was
Eesolved, that a committee of three be appointed to draft and report
an ordinance, embracing the views of the Executive in the message just
submitted, on the subject of blank commissions, with letters of marque
and reprisal.
Messrs. Harris, Powers and Millard were appointed said committee.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, Mr. Clements was transferred from the
Standing Committee on Military Affairs, and Mr. Barnett appointed to
the Standing Committee on Finance.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, it was
Eesolved, that a committee of three be appointed to wait on the com- '
pany of Volunteers from Mobile, who have just passed through town,
and apologize to them for their cold reception, and make suitable ar-
rangements for their reception and comfort.
Messrs. Barrett, Harris and Clements were appointed said committee.
Mr. Harris, from the Select Committee to draft and report an ordinance
embracing the views of the Executive on the subject of blank commis-
sions, with letters of marque and reprisal, reported an ordinance and
decree supplemental to an ordinance and decree for granting letters of
marque and reprisal, passed 25th November, 1835, which, having been
read, on motion of Mr. Parker, was laid on the table.
On the nomination of Mr. Hanks, John B. Johnson was appointed
Commissary under the ordinance and decree appointing a Commissary
to take charge of volunteers of the army, and defining his duties.
Mr. Hanks was appointed to wait on Mr. Johnson and inform him
of his appointment, and request him to furnish the volunteers now in
town.
On motion, the Council adjourned till 6 o’clock, p. m.
six o’clock, p. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Barrett from the committee to wait on the Volunteers from Mo-
bile, made a verbal report, that they had waited on the Volunteers and
presented the resolution of this Council, and that the Chairman and other
members of the Committee had addressed the company, in conformity
with the resolution, and made provisions for their reception and comfort,
which report, on motion of Mr. Hanks, was accepted.
Mr. Hanks reported that he had waited on Mr. Johnson and informed
him of his appointment, and instructed him to furnish eighty rations
this evening, which report was accepted.
The President laid before the Council a letter from E. Hall, dated
Velasco, November 23d, 1835. Also, a letter from Thomas J. Rusk, on
the situation of the army, which were read and laid on the table.
(602)