Proceedings of the General Council.
55
On motion of Mr. Harris, the House took up the ordinance and decree
supplemental to the ordinance and decree for granting letters of marque
and reprisal, passed 25th November, 1835, and after some consideration,
on motion of Mr. Barrett, it was referred to the committee who reported
it, with instructions to amend the same, by making Thomas F. M’Kin-
ney and Silas Dinsmore the agents for filling up three blank commissions
for the same purpose: the committee had leave to retire.
The President submitted a communication from Samuel Whiting,
tendering his services to go to New Orleans, or elsewhere, which was
read and laid on the table.
Mr. Harris, from the Select Committee, reported, as amended, the
ordinance and decree supplemental to an ordinance and decree for grant-
ing letters of marque and reprisal, passed 25th November, 1835, which
was read a second time.
On motion of Mr. Hanks, the following amendment was added as a
third section to the ordinance.
“Be it ordained and decreed that ten per cent., and no more, on all
vessels and prizes condemned in the ports of Texas, as prizes to letters
of marque and reprisal, shall be paid by the captors to the Provisional
Government of Texas, any thing to the contrary, notwithstanding, in the
ordinance and decree granting letters of marque and reprisal, passed
November 25th, 1835.
Mr. Barrett moved to amend the ordinance by striking out the words,
“to William Christy and James Eamage, acting members of the Com-
mittee on the Affairs of Texas, at New Orleans,” in section first, and in-
sert “to Samuel Whiting, of Trinity Eiver, Texas.”
On motion of Mr. Parmer, the Council went into secret session, and
after some time spent therein, the ..doors were opened, when the amend-
ment of Mr. Barrett was adopted.
On motion of Mr. West, the rule of the House was suspended, and the
ordinance read the third time, when the question was taken on its final
passage, and decided in the affirmative: so the ordinance passed.
On motion of Mr. Parmer, it was
“Eesolved, that the door-keeper be sworn, and that in addition. to the
usual oath, he be sworn to keep secret all matters before the Council
that may come to his knowledge while in secret session,” whereupon,
the oath was administerd by the President.
Several communications lying on the table, were taken up and re-
ferred, as follows:
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the letter from sundry citizens of Brazoria,
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
The letter of Thomas Hooper was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
The letter of Thomas Toby & Co., was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
The letter of Thomas J. Rusk was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
On motion of Mr. Parker, the letter of Mr. E. Hall was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The President submitted a letter from Thomas F. M’Kinny, request-
ing certain information, &e., which was read, and, on motion of Mr. Bar-
( 603 )