56
Proceedings of the General Council.
rett, referred to a Select Committee of three: Messrs. Barrett, Parmer
and Parker were appointed said committee.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, so much of the Governor’s message, submit-
ted this day, as relates to volunteers was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, with instructions to report an ordinance prescribing
the manner in which volunteers shall be received.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the Council went into secret session, and,
after some time spent therein, the doors were opened.
Mr. Harris, by leave, introduced an ordinance and decree supplemental
to an ordinance and decree for supplying the present volunteer army
with provisons, &c., which was read a first time and ordered to a second
reading to-morrow.
Mr. Parmer presented a petition from certain volunteers on their way
home from the army, asking for aid, which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, it was
Eesolved, that a Select Committee of two be appointed to report upon
the unfinished business of the Convention; and also on the unfinished
business connected, with resolutions, letters and reports of this Council,
up to this date: Messrs. Harris and Barnett were appointed said Com-
mittee.
Mr. Barrett presented and account from Messrs. Baker & Bordens, for
public printing, which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
On motion the Council adjourned till nine o’clock, to-morrow morn-
ing.
Council Hall, San- Felipe de Austin, )
November 30th, 1335.	)
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journals of the proceedings of the 28th and 29th having been
read,
On motion of Mr. Harris, it was
“Eesolved, that all reports from Committees, and messages from the
Governor, shall be incorporated into the journals when they are tran-
scribed into a book.
General Austin was announced, and invited to take a seat within the
bar of the Council.
He stated that he had returned from the army, in obedience to the
invitation of the Convention to enter upon the duties of his appointment
as Commissioner to the United States of the North, and that he was ever
ready to act in any capacity where he could be useful to the country.
He stated that he would submit a written report on the situation of
the army, in the course of the day.
Mr. Millard, from the Committee on Enrollments, reported as duly
enrolled an ordinance and decree supplemental to an ordinance and decree
granting letters of marque and reprisal, passed 25th November, 1835.
On motion of Mr. Parker, the reports of Wm. Pettus and George M.
Patrick who had been appointed Commissioners to proceed to the army,
(604)