58
Proceedings of the General Council.
That they have had the account before them, rendered by Mr. Smith-
ers, for losses sustained by that unfortunate individual at the commence-
ment of the present war against Centralism and oppression, by which
he has so severely suffered by the loss of all his property, a circumstance
that has elicited the sympathy of every patriotic citizen, and particularly
the members of your committee. Your committee conceive it but jus-
tice, the first item of said account, charged at $200 for actual losses sus-
tained by our troops under the command of Col. Moore, and for his
services at the ferry at Gonzales, a sufficient amount to compensate him
for his time and labors; the second, third and fourth items your com-
mittee would ask further time for consideration.
HENRY MILLARD, Chairman.
The foregoing having been read, on motion of Mr. Barrett, was
adopted.
Mr. Power introduced Col. Gonzales, who came within the bar.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, Mr. Western was requested to act as in-
terpreter, through whom Col. Gonzales communicated his views, &c.,
after which, on motion of Mr. Hanks, it was
"Resolved, that a committee of three, consisting of Messrs. Barrett,
Power, and Clements, be appointed to wait on Col. Gonzales, and to in-
form him of the general plan of this Government, with its minutias,
and ascertain from him the course he wishes to pursue.
Mr. Western, by request, communicated to Col. Gonzales the purport
of the resolution, who replied that he should be pleased to attend the
committee.
Mr. Barrett, from the Select Committee to whom was referred the let-
ter of Thomas E. M’Kinney, asking information, &c., presented the fol-
lowing report:
To the Honorable, the General Council of the
Provisional Government of 7'exas:
Your Special Committee, to whom was referred the letter of Thomas
F. M’Kinney to Judge Dinsmore, report,—
That in common with their fellow-citizens of Texas, your committee
.have long known the efficient aid given by Mr. M’Kinney in the cause ■
of our suffering country.
All his acts, connected with objects of a public nature, have evinced
an ardent patriotism and an unbending determination, promptly and
generously to exert his means and his influence in the glorious struggle
for Liberty and our constitutional right.
The ready interposition of Mr. McKinney to save and keep up the credit
of the country under various and trying circumstances, his prompt assump-
tion of heavy responsibilities, on apparent emergencies, presented to his
own mind, or on request of such temporary authorities as have exercised
Governmental power, before the present organization by the people’s rep-
resentatives, are acts not to be forgotten by an honest people, nor will
the authorities of this country neglect any thing within their means to
give the necessary pledges for security, and by proper acts and ordinances
guarantee all responsibilities assumed in good faith, designed for the com-
mon interests of our citizens. Such encouragement, in times so unsettled,
(606)