Proceedings of the General Council.
61
On motion of Mr. Kerr, Mr. Westover was requested to call on the
delegates elected to the Convention from San Patricio, and request them
to select one of their number to represent that Municipality in this
Council.
On motion the Council adjourned till 9 o’clock, to-morrow morning.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
December 1st, 1835.	5
nine o’clock, a. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday’s proceedings having been read,
Mr. Millard from the Select Committee to whom was referred the re-
port of William Pettus, and George M. Patrick, respecting the army, re-
ported an ordinance and decree for supplying the army of the-people
now in the field before Bexar, with money and for other purposes, which
■ was read a first time, and on motion of Mr. Harris, the rule of the House
was suspended and the ordinance was read a second time.
On motion of Mr. Parmer, the ordinance was amended by adding to
the repealing clause the following words, “and that the said Thomas Gay,
be directed to return to the Treasurer the money he may have received
by virtue of the ordinance, which is so repealed,” when on motion of
Mr. Clements the rule was suspended and the ordinance read a third time,
when the question was taken on its final passage and decided in the af-
firmative: so the ordinance passed.
Mr. Westover reported verbally, that he had waited on the members of
the Convention from San Patricio, and that they had made choice of
Lewis Ayres.
The President laid before the Council the resignation of Mr. Grimes,
as a member from the Municipality of Washington, which was accepted.
Mr. Ayres, member elect from the Municipality of San Patricio, was
sworn and took his seat.
Mr. Hoxie, member elect from Washington, was sworn and took his
seat.
On motion of Mr. Parker, the report of D. B. Friar, superintendant of
rangers, appointed by a former Council, was received and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. Barrett presented the following resolution, which was unanimous-
ly adopted.
“Whereas, the report of Adjutant Westover, of his capture of Le Pon-
tic! an near San Patricio, and defeat of a body of the enemy near double
his number, evincing a skill and courage in the commander, and bravery
of his men, well worthy of emulation, has from the.,press of business been
omitted, not from any unwillingness of this Council or any of its mem-
bers, to award the praise of meritorious acts to their actors.
“Therefore be it resolved, That the thanks of the General Council be
given to Adjutant Westover and the brave men of his command, for
their patriotism and heroic conduct in the reducing Le Pontielan and the
succeeding battle on the Rio Nueces, and complete victory over an ene-
my of 75 men with but 40 Texians under a most disadvantageous posi-
tion; and that a copy of the above resolution signed by the President and
39—VOL. 1.
( 609 )