62
Proceedings of the General Council.
Secretary, and presented to Adjutant Westover,, with a request that he
make the same known to the men of his command.
On motion of Mr. Parmer Mr. Hoxie was appointed to the Standing
Committee on Land and Indian Affairs.
On motion of Mr. Millard, Mr. Ayres was appointed to the Standing
Committee on Finance.
Mr. Barrett submitted a letter from Major Williamson, of the Rangers,
on the subject of Indian depredations, which, on motion of Mr. Barrett,
together with all the documents and papers relating to the Rangers, now
in the hands of the Military Committee, were referred to the Committee
on Land and Indian Affairs.
Mr. Millard, by leave, introduced an ordinance and decree for the re-
lief of L. Smithers, which was read a first time.
' On motion of Mr. Millard, the ordinance was read a second time, the
rule of the House having been suspended.
Mr. Millard offered the following amendment, which was adopted as
an additional section.
“Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That the Treasurer be re-
quired to pay to Thomas J. Shaw, forty dollars, to H. H. Lockridge, the
sum of thirty five dollars, to James D. Elliott, the sum of thirty dollars,
taking duplicate receipts and depositing one in the Executive office, from
the above named persons individually, for the above sums so paid out,
the same being for monies paid out by the above individuals when sick
on the road while in the service of Texas, and provided for by an order
of the Convention not yet carried into effect.”
On motion of Mr. Parker, the rule of the House was further suspended
■■and the ordinance read a third time, when the question was taken on its
final passage and decided in the affirmative: so the ordinance passed.
On motion of Mr. Millard, the title of the ordinance was amended so
as to read “an ordinance and decree for the relief of L. Smithers and
others.”
Mr. Parker, by leave, introduced an ordinance providing for the elec-
tion of members to the Convention to meet the first of March, 1836, and
requesting the people of Texas to vote on the subjects therein named,
which was read a first time and ordered to a second reading to-morrow.
Mr. Parmer, by leave, introduced an ordinance and decree granting a
bounty in land to certain volunteers in the army of the people of Texas,
which was read a first time and ordered to a second reading to-morrow.
Mr. Barnett presented the account of Peter Martin, which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion, the Council adjourned to seven o’clock p. m.
SEVEN O’CLOCK, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The President laid before the Council a letter from B. B. Goodrich,
requesting the appointment of Surgeon to the corps of Eangers, which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr.' Hoxie submitted a letter from Wilson Williams, tendering the
services of Dr. Estis. as Surgeon in the Army of Texas, which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. Barrett, by leave, submitted the report of the Commissioners ap-
pointed by the Convention, under the 14th section of the organic law,
(610)