Proceedings of the General Council.
63
for the department of Brazos, which was accompanied by copies of cor-
respondence between the Commissioners and Mr. Steel, Commissioner of
the Nashville Colony, in which he refuses to conform to the provisions of
said law, all of which were read, and on motion of Mr. Barrett, referred
to a select committee of three.
Messrs. Barrett, Barnett and Hanks, were appointed that committee.
Mr. Harris laid before the Council an application from S. Dinsmore,
jr., for a commission with letters of marque and reprisal, which, on mo-
tion of Mr. Harris, was granted.
The President submitted the following message from his Excellency
the Governor.
Executive DEPARTMENT of Texas.
To the Honorable, the President, and
Members of the Legislative Council:
Gentlemen—Enclosed I transmit to you the application of Col. Pot-
ter, which will speak for itself. Your body will make such disposition of
it as circumstances and your better judgment shall direct.
With sentiments &c., &c.,
Your obedient servant,
December, 1st, 1835.
HENRY SMITH,
Governor..
On motion of Mr. Parker, the application of Col. Potter, for a com-
mission with letters of marque and reprisal, was granted.
Mr. Harris presented the following resolution, which was adopted.
"Resolved, That the Council go into an election on Monday next, for
the Company Officers of one Battalion of Artillery of the Regular Army
of Texas/’
Mr. Barrett from the committee appointed to wait on Colonel Gon-
zales, and communicate to him the principles of the Provisional Govern-
ment, reported verbally, that they had discharged that duty, and that
Colonel Gonzales offered his services in the same manner as other volun-
teers in the army of the people, and recommend that five hundred dollars
be paid to Colonel Gonzales to assist him and his men in going to the
army of the people.
On motion of Mr. Kerr, the report was adopted.
The Executive’s Secretary presented the following message from.his
Excellency, the Governor:
Executive DEPARTMENT of Texas.
To the Honorable, the President, and
Members of the Legislative Council:
Gentlemen—I herewith transmit for your information, intelligence
just received from our army at head quarters, near Bexar. The truly
gratifying intelligence from our brave patriotic citizen soldiers, comports
well with their true character, and deserves from us the highest praise
and commendation, both as officers and men, who were engaged in the
unequal contest. I would therefore recommend to your Honorable body
the propriety of tendering to the worthy heroes, engaged in the late ac-
tion, a vote of thanks and commendation for their laudable and merito-
(611)