64
Proceedings of the General Council.
rious conduct on that occasion and also to the whole army for their in-
defatigable perseverance, in which you will please join the heartfelt
gratitude of your Executive, and. encourage the heroic band never to
cease their prudent operations, so long as the footsteps of a Mexican sol-
dier is to be found on the plains of Texas.
I also transmit to you a communication from Major R. M. William-
son, of the corps of Rangers, which will show for itself. I have only to
say, that I have since understood that the individuals therein named,
have concluded to accept; of this matter you will be the judges. It is all
important that the corps should be forthwith in service.
With sentiments, &c., &c.,
Your obedient servant,
December 1st, 1835.
HENRY SMITH,
Governor.
On motion of Mr. Parker, the Council proceeded to elect a First Lieu-
tenant of Rangers, to fill the vacancy occasioned by the non-acceptance
of L. Smithers, as notified in Major Williamson’s letter.
On motion of Mr. Hanks, the Council went into the election with
closed doors, after some time spent in secret session the doors were op-
ened .and the proceedings directed to be recorded on the public journals,
and were as follows:'
Stephen Townsend and George M. Petty were nominated for First
Lieutenant of Rangers.
When the ballots were counted there were for
Stephen Townsend,
George M. Petty,
6 votes.
5 «
A quorum of the Council not having voted, Mr. Barrett moved a call
of the House, which was had, when Messrs. Wharton, Clements, Hoxie,
Parmer and Padilla not answering to their names, the door keeper was
ordered to bring them in.
A quorum having been formed, the House proceeded to ballot again,
when there were for
George M. Petty,	------	8 votes.
Stephen Townsend,	------	5	"
Whereupon George M. Petty was duly elected First Lieutenant of
Rangers.
On motion of Mr. Barnett, the House proceeded to elect a second
Judge for the Municipality of Austin.
The rule of voting by ballot was suspended, and the election made
“viva voce.”
H. C. Hudson was then elected second Judge for the Municipality of
Austin.
The President stated to the Council that he had paid over to the Treas-
urer the one hundred dollars presented by John Hutchins, of Natchez,
Mississippi, and taken the Treasurer’s receipt, which was ordered to be
deposited in the Executive Office.
Mr. Millard from the Committee on Enrollments, presented as duly
enrolled an ordinance and decree for supplying the army of the people
(612)