66
Proceedings of the General Council.
Mr. Barrett, from the Select Committee to whom was referred the re-
port of the Commissioners for the Department of Brazos, under the four-
teenth section of the organic law, &c., presented the following report:.
To the Honorable, the General-Council
of the Provisional Government:
Your Committee to whom was referred the report of the Commission-
ers appointed for securing the papers and documents of the several Land-
offices, of the Department of Brazos, agreeably to the 14th section of
the Provisional Government of Texas, passed by the Consultation of the
chosen Delegates of all Texas, in General Convention assembled, on the
13th day of November, 1835, report,—
That they have duly considered the conduct of Wm. H. Steel, the
Commissioner of the Colony of the Nashville Company, in refusing to
recognize the authority of the Commissioners, &c., and condemning the
proceedings and orders of the Delegates of the People of Texas, assem-
bled in General Convention, and in refusing to obey, and treating with
contempt the mandates of the Provisional Government, organized by the
People’s Representatives, and are unanimous in advising that the Gen-
eral-Council should take prompt and efficient means to enforce obed-
ience to the laws of the country. To this end your Committee advise
the adoption of the following ordinance:
On motion of Mr. Harris the foregoing report was adopted.
The ordinance accompanying the report entitled “an ordinance and
decree making it the duty of the Governor to issue a special commission
and warrant, in the case of Wm. H. Steel, &c., was read a first time, and,
on motion of Mr. Harris, the rule of the House was suspended, and the
ordinance read a second and third time, when the question was taken on
its final passage and decided in the affirmative: so the ordinance passed.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, it was
“Resolved, that as A. G. Perry has abandoned his seat in this Council,
from the Municipality of Viesca, that it be declared vacant, and that
Alexander Thompson be appointed to fill the vacancy, and the Governor
be notified of his appointment.
Mr. Kerr, by leave, presented a resolution on the subject of storming
Bexar, which was read, and ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. Hanks presented the following resolutions, which, on motion of
Mr. Ayres, was adopted:
“Resolved, that all ordinances, decrees, and public resolutions already
passed by the General-Council or hereafter to be passed, shall be num-
bered, commencing with number one, and so rising in number without
limit.
“Resolved, that it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the General-
Council to examine and so number the several ordinances, decrees .and
public resolutions, already passed, and register them, together with their
several titles agreeably to the date of their passage.
“Resolved, that the ordinances and decrees shall be registered in one
class, and the public resolutions be numbered in the second class, and
that the same be reported to the Council.”
On motion of Mr. Kerr, the House took up the ordinance and decree
creating a new Municipality off of, and from the west side of the Munici-
( 614 )