Proceedings of the General Council.
67
pality of Matagorda, to be' called the Municipality of Jackson, which was
read a second time.
On motion of Mr. Wharton, the rule of the House was suspended, and
the ordinance read a third time, when the question was taken on its final
passage, and decided in the affirmative: so the ordinance passed.
Mr. Wharton submitted a communication from Wm. H. Wharton to
B. T. Archer, President of the late Convention, declining the appoint-
ment of Commissioner to the United States, &e., which was read and
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. Millard, from the Committee on Enrollments, reported, as duly
enrolled, a resolution changing the name of the Municipality of Bevil to
Jasper.
The President submitted a communication from G. A. Nixon, chair-
man of the Committee of Safety of Nacogdoches, on the subject of the
funds advanced for expresses, &c., which was read.
Mr. Parker presented the following resolution which was adopted:
"Resolved, that there be twenty-five dollars appropriated to Stephen
M’Laughlin, for the purpose of defraying his expenses, on his return
from bearing an express from Nacogdoches to the army, now in the field.”
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the House took up the ordinance and decree
altering and changing the manner of drawing drafts on on the Treas-
urer, which was read a second time, and, on motion of Mr. Barrett the
rule of the House was suspended, and the ordinance read a third time,
when the question was taken on its final passage and decided in the af-
firmative: so the ordinance passed.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, Mr. Barnett was appointed to the Standing
Committee on Enrollments.
Mr. Parker presented. the following resolution, which was adopted:'
“Resolved, that the order adopted by this House, confining the ad-
journments to certain hours therein named, be, and is hereby revoked,
and that this House adjourn from time to time to such hours as this
Council may see proper.”
The Executive’s Secretary presented, approved, the following ordi-
nances, viz:
An ordinance and decree for the relief of L. Smithers, and others.
An ordinance and decree authorizing and requiring the Governor to
appoint a Commissioner in the several Municipalities to administer oaths,
&c.
An ordinance and decree authorizing the Governor to grant registers
to vessels, &c.
On motion, the Council adjourned till 3 o’clock, p. m.
THREE o’clock, p. m.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Westover presented the petition of Bartolome Pajes, asking com-
pensation for horses pressed into service, which was read and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. Padilla presented a communication in Spanish on the subject of
the Military movements of the Central Government against Texas.
On motion of Mr. Powers, Mr. M’Mullen was requested to translate
and furnish this House with a copy of the communication.
On motion the Council adjourned till nine o’clock to-morrow morning.
(615)