Proceedings of the General Council.
69
Executive Department of Texas.
To the Honorable, the President, and
Members of the Legislative Council:
Gentlemen—I herewith transmit for your consideration and inspec-
tion, such communications as have come to my hands, as the Executive.
The one from Gonzales will claim your immediate and prompt atten-
tion, as the bearer will probably leave in the morning. The nature of the
communication and the requisite attention should be prompt.
With sentiments, &c., &c.,
Your obedient servant,
HENRY SMITH,
Governor.
San Felipe, November 28th, 1835.
P. S. Capt. Blair, with his company, has tendered his services, which
has been received, with an enrollment of his company, and will be dis-
posed of in a proper manner.
A communication from Mr. Caldwell sub-commissary at Gonzales re-
ferred to in the message of the Governor, was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, together with the report of George M. Patrick and
Wm. Pettus, on the situation of the volunteer army.
The President laid before the Council a communication from the Com-
mittee of Safety for the Municipality of Liberty, respecting volunteers,
&c., which was read and ordered to be filed in the Secretary’s office.
The President submitted a communication from James Butler Bon-
ham, tendering his services in the present struggle of Texas, &c.
On motion of Mr. Clements, the services of Mr. Bonham were thank-
fully accepted.
The President laid before the Council a communication from the Com-
mittee of Safety of Nacogdoches, recommending that the Commissioners
of land-offices continue to issue titles for lands surveyed previous to No-
vember 1st., which, on motion of Mr. Millard, was referred to the Com-
mittee on State Affairs.
Mr. Harris, from the Committee on Naval Affairs, presented the fol-
lowing report,—
The Committee on Naval Affairs to whom was referred the copy of a
letter of Thomas Toby & Co., to M'Kinney & Williams, dated New Or-
leans, 30th November, 1835, have had the same under consideration and
respectfully report,—
That every citizen of Texas who has the welfare of his adopted country
at heart, must feel the greatest emotions in contemplating upon the pros-
pects we have of receiving through the exertions of Mr. Williams, a large
sum of money from New York, and that we may also expect a brig of 12
guns and a schooner of 6 guns, with some three or four thousand stands
of arms to aid us in our struggle for constitutional Liberty.
Your committee would therefore recommend that the Provisional Gov-
ernment of Texas purchase or cause to be purchased the said vessels, to-
gether with the arms, provided said vessels are of a class that will come
within the purmew or meaning of an ordinance and decree creating a
Navy.
(617)