72
Proceedings of the General Council.
Mr. Hanks nominated E. W. Cullen.
Mr. Clements nominated Wm. S. Fisher, when, on motion of Mr.
Ayres, Mr. Fisher was elected.
On motion the Council adjourned till 9 o’clock, to-morrow morning.
Council Hall, San FELIPE de Austin, )
December 4th, 1835.	■)
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday’s proceedings having been read,
Mr. Hanks, from the Committee on Military Affairs, presented the fol-
lowing report,—
The Committee to whom was referred the accounts of Mr. Friar the
contractor to supply the Rangers from the Brazos and Colorado Rivers,
ask leave to report,—
That by the laws of the permanent Council establishing the said
Rangers. The pay of the Ranger was fixed at $1 25 per day, and that
the articles and provisions furnished by said contractor, independently
of their not being enumerated specifically in the bills presented, are
exorbitant in their charge, and inadmissable, your committee are of
opinion that a certain per diem allowance, in the way of rations, to be
certain and fixed, should be allowed by this Council, as a full satisfaction
of all expenditures made on their account in addition to the per diem al-
lowance of $1 25 granted and fixed by the permanent Council. Your
Committee deem it indispensable that the muster roll of each company of
Rangers should be made out and properly attested and transmitted or
.presented to the Committee before a liquidation or settlement of their
pay can properly be made.
WYATT HAYES, Chairman.
On motion of Mr. Power, the foregoing report was adopted.
Mr. Millard, from the Committee on Finance, presented the following
report:
The Committee on Finance to whom was referred the account of Baker
& Borden, for printing certain hand-bills and blanks, have examined the
same and recommend payment of the amount which is $593 75.
HENRY MILLARD, Chairman.
On motion of Mr. Ayres, the foregoing report was adopted.
Mr. Millard, from the same Committee, presented the following re-
port,—
The Committee on Finance, to whom was referred the petition of
Bartolome Pajes, for compensation for horses and riding animals pressed
in the public service at Goliad, beg leave to report,—
That they recommend that the petitioner should be allowed $17 per
head for each of fifty-one horses and riding animals, that being the price
at which they were valued by commissioners appointed by P. Dimit,
commandant at Goliad. amounting in the whole to $867.
HENRY MILLARD, Chairman.
( 620)