Proceedings of the General Council.
75
strength should be the basis of all Governments. With these views, your
-Committee submit the accompanying ordinance for calling a Convention,
to meet on the first of March next.
D. C. BARRETT, Chairman.
D. PARKER, ) c .
J. A. PADILLA. C Committee.
The foregoing report having been read,
On motion of Mr. Wharton, the report and ordinance were laid on
the table.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, a copy of the foregoing and the ordinance
accompanying it, was ordered to be furnished to each standing Com-
mittee.
On motion of Mr. Parker, the report of the Committee of Finance, on
Mrs. Peyton’s accounts, (laid on the table some days since,) was taken
up and recommitted to the Committee of Finance.
The Executive Secretary presented the following message from his
Excellency, the Governor:
Executive DEPARTMIENT of Texas.
7b the Honorable, the President, and
Members of the Legislative Council:
GENTLEAIEN:—I herewith transmit for your information, various com-
munications recently received, all of which will show for themselves,
and to some of which I call your particular attention. The documents
in the Castilian language, are said to be the product of an intercepted
correspondence, from the interior authorities of the Central Government
to General Cos, at Bexar. They contain the plans of Santa Anna, for a
vigorous prosecution of the war against Texas, which is determined by
him as a war of extermination.—General Austin informs me, that in one
of his communications he has consolidated the principal matter in a
brief manner. I would therefore recommend that the whole be read
before your body; and such portions translated and published as you
may deem expedient. The printed documents, purporting to be the
acts of the General Congress, establishing and defining the plan of the
Central Government, with some manuscript documents, marked confi-
dential, you may at least deem worthy of publication, together with a
condensed view of the whole subject matter of the intercepted corre-
spondence. The domestic correspondence, herewith accompanying, will
show for itself, and by you will be taken for what it is worth. Some
of the documents are the views and opinions of men, which by you can
be properly appreciated.—Taking a fair view of things as they now seem
to stand, I have no doubt you will agree with me, that every energy and
exertion on our part should he resorted to, to counteract, or meet with
efficiency, the pending storm which overhangs our country. It must be
acknowledged by all, that our only succour is expected from the East,
where as yet we have not dispatched our agents, sufficient time has
-elapsed since the rising of the Convention, for them, by this time, to
have arrived in the United States. They have called on me, in vain,
day after day, time after time, for their dispatches, at least some of them,
.and they are not yet ready. I say to you, the fate of Texas depends upon
(623)