76
Proceedings of the General Council.
their immediate dispatch and success. Why then delay a matter of such
Vital importance, and give place to minor matters which could be much
better delayed? Permit me to beg of you a suspension of all other busi-
ness, until our Foreign Agents are dispatched.
I would further suggest to your body the propriety of passing a bill,
authorising the Executive to issue his proclamation, calling upon the
different Jurisdictions, to send Delegates to a new Convention, to meet
in conformity with the Organic Law, and the elections to be as soon as
practicable, and that the Members be clothed with plenary powers, and
that in forming the bill, you apportion the Representatives as nearly as
possible, on the principles of equality.
The proceedings of our former Convention have not yet appeared be-
fore the public. A circumstance well and justly calculated to bring down
upon us the public censure and odium of the whole community. The
Committee charged with that trust, by the Convention, justly merits
reprehension, and a vote of public censure for the neglect and contumely
with which they have treated the public confidence.
With sentiments,
Of the highest respect, &c., &c.,
I am Gentlemen,
Your obedient servant,
HENRY SMITH, Governor.
December 4st, 1835.
The foregoing Message having been read, on motion of Mr. Barrett,
the Council went into Secret Session, and after some time spent therein,
the doors were opened; when on motion of Mr.. Barrett, several letters
accompanying the Message were referred as follows:
The letters of W. B. Travis and J. W. Fannin were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The letter of McKinney and Williams, was referred to a Select Com-
mittee of two. Messrs. Barrett and Parker were appointed that Com-
mittee.
On motion of Mr. Millard, the “ordinance creating a loan for the use
of the Provisional Government, was taken up and after some considera-
tion, on motion the Council adjourned to 3 o’clock, p. m.
THREE O’CLOCK, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The House resumed the consideration of the “ordinance creating a loan
for the use of the Provisional Government;” when, on motion of Mr.
Barrett, the House went into Committee of the Whole, on the considera-
tion of the ordinance, Mr. Parker in the Chair, after some time spent
therein, the Committee rose, reported progress, and had leave to sit again.
On motion of Mr. Kerr, the Council went into Secret Session, and after
some time spent therein, the doors were opened; when, on motion of Mr.
Barrett, the House again went into Committee of the Whole, and after
some time spent therein, the Committee rose and reported to the House,
as amended, the Ordinance creating a loan, &c.; which was adopted, and
ordered to be engrossed.
On motion the Council adjourned to 7 o’clock, p. m.
( 624)