Proceedings of the General Council.
77
SEVEN o’clock, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Millard reported to the House Engrossed, the “Ordinance creating
a loan for the use of the Provisional Government of Texas;” which was
read the first time, and on motion of Mr. Millard, the rule of the House
was suspended, and the Ordinance read the second time.
Mr. Harris moved to strike out the name of Mr. W. H. Wharton, in
the second section, which was negatived.
On motion of Mr. Millard, the rule of the House was further sus-
pended, and the Ordinance read the third time; when the question was
taken on its final passage, and decided in the affirmative. So the Ordi-
nance passed.
Mr. Barrett moved that the report of the Committee of Finance, which
accompanied the .above, be taken up and adopted; which was agreed to.
Mr. Hanks, from the Committee on Military Affairs, reported “an
Ordinance and Decree to organize and establish an auxiliary Volunteer
Corps for Texas;” which was read the first time, and, on motion of Mr.
Wharton, the rule of the House was suspended and the Ordinance read,
the second time.
On motion of Mr. Clements, the Ordinance was committed to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
On motion of Mr. Kerr, the President was requested to communicate
such intelligence as may come before the House, in Secret Session, re-
specting the war, to the Governor, Major General, and such others Offi-
cers of the Army, as he may think proper.
Mr. McMillard, from the Committee on Finance, presented the follow-
ing report:
The Committee on Finance, to whom was referred the accounts of Rob-
ert Stevenson, for sundry articles of clothing, &c., for the public service,
beg leave to report, that they have examined the same, and recommend
the payment, amounting in all to seventy-one dollars, sixty-two and
one half cents.
HENRY MILLAED, Chairman.
LEWIS AYEES, )	...
THOMAS BARNETT, § Committee.
Mr. Wharton presented the following resolution, which was adopted:
“Eesolved, that a committee of three be appointed to whom shall be
referred the communications of S. F. Austin and Wm. H. Wharton, to-
gether with the Governor’s message of this day, and accompanying docu-
ments; also, the ordinance for calling a convention. That said commit-
tee be instructed to report on the propriety of calling a convention,—the
time and place of holding it,—to apportion the representation in said
Convention according to the population, and fix the number of Dele-
gates for each Municipality, and prepare an address to the people of
Texas, setting forth the facts and reasons that induce us to recommend
the measure;” the President appointed Messrs. Wharton, Barrett and Mil-
lard that committee.
On motion of Mr. Wharton, the Council went into secret session, and
after some time spent therein, the doors were opened.
Mr. Hanks, from the Committee on Military Affairs, reported amend-
40—vol. i.
(625)