Proceedings of the General Council.
83
All of which I transmit to your honorable body for the corresponding
effects.
With sentiments, &c., &c.,
I am your obedient servant,
HENRY SMITH, Governor.
December 5th, 1835.
The ordinance returned by the Governor, as stated in the foregoing
message, was considered and ordered to lie1 on the table.
The comunication of M. Caldwell, alluded to in the message above,
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, so much of the foregoing message as relates
to outfit and expenses of the Commissioners to the United States of the
North was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. Kerr presented the following resolution, which was adopted.
“Resolved, that the Governor be, and he is hereby authorized to issue
a blank commission with letetrs of marque and reprisal for the Commit-
tee of safety for Matagorda, to be by them filled up for the commander of
the. William Robbins, under such regulations as are prescribed by the
ordinance of the Council, granting letters of marque and reprisal.”
Mr. Harris offered the following resolution, which was adopted:
“Resolved, that the Governor is hereby authorised to grant a blank
Commission, with letters of marque and reprisal, to be filled up by Ben-
jamin F. Smith, under such regulations as are prescribed by the or-
dinances of the Council, granting letters of marque and reprisal.”
On motion of Mr. Parker, it was resolved that the Clerk of the Coun-
cil be, and he is hereby instructed to furnish the Commander-in-Chief of
the Army, with a copy of all ordinances, on the subject of the Army of
Texas.
On motion of Mr. Parker, so much of the rule of this House as re-
quires that resolutions shall be read three several times, before passing,
was revoked.
On motion the Council adjourned to 6 o’clock, p. m.
six o’clock, p. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
On motion of Mr. Parker, the House went into Secret Session, and after
some time spent therein, the doors were opened, when so much of the
proceedings in Secret Session, as related to the election of Officers, was
ordered to be recorded on the public Journals, as follows:
On motion of Mr. Kerr, the Council proceeded to elect the necessary
Officers for the New Municipality of Jackson.
Mr. Kerr nominated Patrick Usher, for First Judge, and Elijah Stapp
for second Judge, and John Alley, William Millican and George Suther-
land as Commissioners, for organizing the Militia; all of whom were duly
elected, “Viva Voce.”
Mr. Harris presented the following resolution, which was adopted:
Resolved, that a Committee of three be appointed to draft an address
to the patriotic citizens of the Mexican Nation, setting forth the causes
and reasons why the people of Texas have taken up arms, and requesting
them to co-operate with us in the glorious struggle against military des-
potism and misrule.
(631)