Proceedings of the General Council.
85
plaints have been made to the General Council, already from said army,
stating that they were in want of the necessary provisions and clothing.
Letters of that nature have been referred to your Committee, which re-
quired the immediate action of the General Council, and could not be
overlooked or neglected, under any consideration whatever.
There are many other important reasons, in the opinion of your Com-
mittee, why the General Council should not sooner, or even now, proceed
to appoint all the officers of the regular army.
If the war should be protracted to any considerable length of time,
and reinforcements continue to arrive, as we must expect from the pres-
ent aspect of affairs, we shall need all the aid from foreign countries that
can possibly be procured. -No quarter from the enemy, or mercy at their
hands, is expected. Successful' resistance, then, is our only hope.—Hence
the importance of holding out every inducement to Volunteers from
abroad. There are doubtless many young men in the United States who
would gladly embrace the opportunity of enlisting into the service of
Texas, provided they could obtain appointments, suited in some degree
to their qualifications. Texas now presents a fine field for those who de-
sire military fame. Your Committee would therefore earnestly recom-
mend, for the consideration of the General Council, the postponement of
the appointment of the officers for five companies of the artillery, for the
present. The object of your Committee in recommending this course,
must be at once seen by the General Council. It is to leave open the door
for promotion, so that if any person should make application for an ap-
pointment in the regular army, who is well recommended, and who can
"bring one or more companies to our assistance, should be promoted to
some office, corresponding with the aid and qualifications of such appli-
cant. If the gate of preferment should once be shut, we must expect to
loose the services of such men. Men of talent, wealth or influence, will
never submit to become privates in a regular army. And it is through
their influence, in a great measure, that volunteers are to be obtained.
Your Committee would also recommend the Governor to issue, or
cause to be issued, his proclamation, to establish head quarters for the
regular army, and for the same to be organized: Also for the organiza-
tion of the Militia, in conformity with an ordinance, passed on November
25th, 1835.
Your Committee would recommend the establishment of head quarters
for the regular army, at Gonzales, or some other suitable place on the
frontier.
Your Committee would further recommend to the General Council,
that on to-morrow, the 7th inst. a lieutenant colonel, for the artillary,
and the regimental officers of the corps of Infantry of the regular army,
be appointed.
As to the outfits of an army, your Committee will simply refer to the
proceedings of the General Council had upon that subject.
WYATT HANKS, Chairman.
J. D. CLEMENTS, Committee.
Mr. Hanks, from the Committee
fololwing report; which was
on Military Affairs, also presented the
adopted:
Your Committee, to whom was referred the letter of Wilson Williams,
have had the same under consideration, and recommend that the name of
( 633 )