Proceedings of the General Council.
87
Council Hall, San FELIPE de Austin, )
December 7th, 1835.	5
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment. The Journal of yester-
day’s procedings having been read,
Mr. Millard from the Committee on Enrollments, reported as duly en-
rolled,—
An ordinance and decree to provide for the outfit and contingent ex-
penses of our Foreign Agents, to the United States of America.
A resolution authorising our Foreign Agents to receive donations for
Texas.
Mr. Millard from the Committee of Finance, reported an ordinance
and decree, establishing and imposing duties of impost and tonage, and
for other purposes; which was read the first time.
On motion of Mr. Millard, the rule of the House was suspended, and
the ordinance read the second time.
On motion of Mr. Harris, the ordinance was ordered to lie on the
table, and copies to be furnished to the several Standing Committees of
the House.
On motion, the Council took up the ordinance, establishing a Post
Office Department; which was read the second time.
Mr. Power moved to amend the ordinance, so that the postage on a
single letter should not be more than twenty-five cents, for any distance;
which was negatived.
On motion of Mr. Clements, the ordinance was amended, by adding at
the end of the 19th section, the following words: “Or otherwise fined
and punished as the Court may direct.”
On motion of Mr. Millard, the rule of the House was further suspended,
and the ordinance read the third time; when the question was taken on
its final passage, and decided in the affirmative. So the ordinance passed.
The Executive Secretary presented the following message from his
Excellency, the Governor:
>	Executive Department oe Texas.
To the Honorable the President, and
Members of the Legislative Council:
Gentlemen:—I hasten to lay before your honorable body an official
communication from Dr. S. H. Everitt, one of our Commissioners, ap-
pointed to take charge of the Archives of the Land Offices of the Depart-
ment of Nacogdoches, &c. You will see by his communication, what has
been done, and will, I hope, take such immediate steps as will be cal-
culated to carry the decree into effect, with the least possible delay.—I
make this a seporate communication, touching no other subject matter,
in order that it receive the prompt and undivided attention of your body.
With due respect and consideration,
Your obedient servant,
Desember 7th, 1835.
HENRY SMITH,
Governor.
The communication of Dr. Everett, alluded to in the Message above,
was referred to the Committee on State and Judiciary.
(635)