Proceedings of the General Council.
89
Whereupon Philip A. Sublett was declared duly elected Colonel of In-
fantry.
On the nomination of Mr. Ayres, Henry Millard was duly elected Lieu-
tenant Colonel of Infantry, “Viva Voce.”
Mr. Barrett nominated William Oldham for Major.
Mr. Harris nominated M. W. Smith for Major of Infantry.
When the ballots were counted, there were for
William Oldham
M.W.Smtt - ■ -
12 votes.
I «
Whereupon William Oldham was declared duly elected Major of In-
fantry.
On motion of Mr. Power, the Council prceeded to elect a Commission-
er for organizing the Militia of the Municipality of Refugio, in place of
Elkanor Brush, who is absent.
Mr. Power nominated George McKnight, who was duly elected “Viva
Voce.”
On motion, the Council adjourned to 7 o’clock, p. m.
SEVEN o’clock, p. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment, and on motion adjourned
to 9 o’clock to-morrow morning.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
December 8th, 1835.	5
nine o’clock, a. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The Journals of yesterday’s. procedings having been read,
Mr. Menifee appeared and took his seat as a member from Austin.
Mr. Hanks from the Committee on Military Affairs, presented the fol-
lowing report and resolutions:
Your Committee to whom was referred the proceedings of a meeting
held at Mobile on the 22d October last, have had the same under consid-
eration, and do respectively report,—
That the preamble and resolutions adopted at the meeting held in the
city of Mobile, contain information of the most important and encourag-
ing nature to the people of Texas.
In the generous spirit of a free and magnanimous people, they have
been among the first to tender their aid in our struggle against misrule
and military despotism. A company of men from the city of Mobile has
already passed through our town, armed and equipped for the field, on
their march to join the volunteer army of the people of Texas, near
Bexar: And your Committee is informed by a resolution which was
unanimously adopted at the meeting held in Mobile, and contained in
the proceedings forwarded to us by Joel T. Case, that a Committee was
appointed to solicit contributions in behalf of the people of Texas, and re-
ceive the names and assist at discretion all volunteers who are disposed
to go to Texas for the purpose of sustaining the people of that country
in their present struggle. They also sympathise with us in our present
conflict, and express their desire to hail the independence of Texas, and
see her taking a seat among the sovereign nations of the earth.
(637)