90
Proceedings of the General Council.
Your Committee are of the opinion that if we receive the assistance
from the United States of the North, which we may reasonably expect
from the evidences already given us, that we shall be able to shake off
the shackles which tyrants and religious bigotry have attempted to bind
us with. Santa Anna, the priest, the enemies of constitutional liberty
throughout Mexico, will tremble when they learn that the blood and
treasure of thousands of the descendants of that patriotic band of heroes,
who triumphed over England in the days of her strength and pride, have
been tendered us in our present struggle for liberty and free institutions.
Your Committee do most earnestly recommend to the General Coun-
cil the importance of soliciting through the Governor and our Foreign
Agents, a continuance of the .aid and assistance already extended to us
by our liberal and patriotic friends in the United States of the North.
.Your Committee would further recommend the adoption of the fol-
lowing resolutions:
WYATT HANKS, Chairman.
J. D. CLEMENTS,
R. E. EOYAL,
Committee.
Eesolved, That the Governor of the Provisional Government of Texas,
be'instructed to address a letter to the Chairman and Committee appoint-
ed at a meeting held in the city of Mobile, in behalf of the people of
Texas in their present difficulties, and setting forth the cause which have
compelled us to take up arms, and expressive of our grateful feelings
for the interest manifested by the citizens of Mobile for the success and
welfare of Texas.
Be it further resolved, That'a certified copy of the ordinance which
provides for the donation of land to those who volunteer in the services
of Texas, during the present war, and the ordinance creating an auxil-
iary corps to the regular army, be forwarded to the said Chairman and
. Committee in the city of Mobile, with a request to the Editors of news-
papers in that city, that they publish the same.
Be it resolved, That a certified copy of this report and resolutions,
be also forwarded to the Chairman and Committee aforesaid, and that
the same be done by the Secretary of the General Council.
The foregoing report and resolutions having been read, were adopted.
Mr. Wharton presented the following resolution, which was adopted:
Eesolved, That this Council immediately go into the election of one
Lieutenant Colonel and two Majors, for the Eegiment of Artillery.
The Council went into the election with closed doors.—After the
elections were gone through, the proceedings were directed to be re-
corded upon the public journals; und were as follows:
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the elections were ordered to be made viva
voce.
Mr. Wharton nominated David B. Macomb for Lieutenant Colonel of
Artillery, who was duly elected.
Mr. Barrett nominated W. B. Travis for First Major of Artillery, who
was duly elected.
Mr. Wharton nominated T. F. L. Barrett for Second Major of Artillery,
who was duly elected.
The Executive Secretary presented the following messages from his
Excellency the Governor.
(638 )