94
Proceedings of the General Council.
lector of dues on lands, giving the necessary securities for faithful per-
formance approved by said Commissioners.
Mr. Barrett presented a petition from John J. Linn, for liberty to
make reprisals for losses sustained; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
The communications from General Houston and P. Dimit, which ac-
companied the Governor’s Message this morning, were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion of Mr. Royall, a Committee of two were appointed to wait
on the Governor and learn what disposition had been made of the resolu-
tion for fitting out General Mexia and his command.
Messrs. Royal and Parker were appointed that Committee.
Mr. Parker presented the following resolutions; which were adopted:
Resolved, That the thanks of this House be tendered to Major Henrie
of Nacogdoches for the great labor bestowed in making a schedule of
the surveys of land returned to his Office, and bestowing the same
gratuitously for the use of the Provisional Government of Texas.
Resolved, That said schedule be deposited in the Executive Office, for
the benefit of Texas.
Mr. Hanks presented the following resolution; which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Governor be and he is hereby directed to instruct
our Foreign Agents to purchase seven hundred barrels flour, instead of
three hundred and fifty barrels, required in the ordinance providing sup-
plies for the army.
Mr. Harris presented the following resolution; which was adopted:
Resolved, that the Governor be directed to instruct the Commissioners
to the United States to contract with one or more Bakers, for and on
account of the Government, to proceed to this place or the Seat of
Government, and report themselves to the Governor.
Mr. Royall, from the Committee appointed to wait on the Governor,
reported verbally that they had discharged that duty and that the Gov-
ernor would return the resolution with his views on the same to-morrow.
On motion, the Council adjourned until 9 o’clock, to-morrow.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
December 9, 1835.	)
nine o’clock, a. M.
The Council met on the call of the President, who submitted to the
House a letter received by express from B. E. Milam and Edward Burle-
son, respecting the attack upon Bexar, on the morning of the 6th inst.
asking for supplies of ammunition and reinforcements of men; after the
reading of the letter,
On motion of Mr. Royall, it was resolved that the Governor be re-
quested to issue his proclamation calling for volunteers, to proceed to
the assistance of the army before Bexar.
A Committee of three, consisting of Messrs. Royall, Hanks and Clem-
ents, were appointed to procure what powder and lead there are in
town, and forward to the army immediately.
A Committee of three, consisting of Messrs. Power, West and Kerr,
(642)