Proceedings of the General Council.
95
were appointed to dispatch expresses to different sections for volunteers
and ammunition.
A Committee of four, consisting of Messrs. Parker, Menifee, Millard
and Harris were appointed to procure expresses and horses, &c.
On motion, the Council adjourned to 9 o’clock, a. m.
NINE o’clock, a. m.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The reading of the journal was postponed until to-morrow.
The Executive Secretary presented approved by the Governor,
An ordinance and decree for raising an auxiliary volunteer corps, &c.
Mr. Millard, from the Committee on Enrollments, presented as duly
Enrolled,
A resolution authorising John Forbes and Arthur Henrie to take
charge of the Archives of the Land Offices, &c. in Nacogdoches.
Two resolutions, directing the Governor to give certain instructions
to our Foreign Agents.
On motion of Mr. Royall, the Council went into Secret Session, and af-
ter some time spent therein, the doors were opened.
The President laid before the Council a communication from James
Chaplain and H. McHanks, on the situation of the army; which was read
and ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. Clements, by leave, introduced an ordinance and decree for the
relief of Bartalome Pajes; which was read the first time.
On motion of Mr. Kerr, the rule of the House was suspended, and the
ordinance read the second and third time; when the question was taken
on its final passage and decided in the affirmative. So the ordinance
passed.
Mr. West presented the following resolution; which was adopted:
Resolved, that the Committee of Safety of Liberty be requested to for-
ward to this place, for the use of the Provisional Government, all the
ammuntion in their possession.
The Executive Secretary presented the following message from his
Excellency the Governor.
Executive DEPARTMENT of Texas.
To the Honorable President and Council:
GENTLEMEN:—I herewith transmit to your honorable body the fol-
lowing bills; which I have had under consideration:
The one authorising persons to be appointed to make provisions for
General Mexia, &c. The bill, as it stands, I can not approve for the fol-
lowing reasons:
First—I have no confidence in General Mexia co-operating in the
smallest degree in our favor. That his intention to make a descent on
the sea-ports West of us, for the purpose of robbing, to recorporate his
own desperate fortune, I have no doubt, but can see no possible advantage
he would be to Texas. What his designs or intentions really are, I have
no right to know. But really think it would be unwise to run this Gov-
ernment to the expense necessary to fit him out, without having any
guarantee or control over him or his conduct. Furthermore, as the bill
runs, it would seem that the outfit would be made before this Goverment
(643 )