96
Proceedings of the General Council.
would be advised of his plans. Besides, I consider it bad policy to fit
out or trust Mexicans in any matter connected with our Government,
as I am well satisfied that we will in the end find them inimical and
treacherous. For these and many other reasons not enumerated, I can
not sign the bill. Three other bills which I have transmitted to you"
I have approved.
With sentiments, &c., &c.,
I am Gentlemen,
Your obedient servant,
HENRY SMITH, Governor.
December 9, 1835.
The Council proceeded to consider the resolution returned by the
Governor, viz: "A resolution authorising William Pettus and T. F. Mc-
Kinney to fit out General Mexia and his command.” The resolution
together with the objections were read; when the question was put:
“Shall this resolution pass, the veto of the Governor to the contrary not-
withstanding ?”
The ayes and noes being desired, stood as follows:
AYES.—Messrs. Menifee, Barrett, Clements, Parker, Millard, Harris,
Hanks, Royal, Kerr, West, Padilla, Power, Westover. Ayes 14.
So the ordinance was passed by a constitutional majority.
Mr. Millard from the Committee on Enrollments, presented as duly
Enrolled,—
An ordinance and decree for the relief of Bartolome Pajes.
Mr. Barrett presented the account of Don Juan Seguin, for supplies
for volunteers; which was referred to the Committee of Finance.
On motion the Council adjourned to 9 o’clock to-morrow morning.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, 1
December 10th, 1835.	5
nine o’clock, a. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journals of the proceedings of the 8 th and 9th inst. were read.
The Executive Secretary presented approved by the Governor, an or-
dinance and decree to provide for the outfit and contingent expenses of
out Foreign Agents to the United States of the North.
Mr. Millard presented the following resolution; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Resolved, that the Genera] Council is incompetent to act in any way
upon the appointment of William H. Wharton, as commissioner to the
United States of the North, and that this Council can only expect Mr.
Wharton to fulfil the appointment made by the General Consultation.
Mr. Menifee submitted a letter from Mosely Baker, Esq. respecting
the situation of the volunteer army; which was read.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, Col. Rusk was invited within the bar to
give his views respecting the situation of the volunteer army. Col. Rusk
explained at length the situation of the volunteers, and urged upon the
Council the necessity of their being relieved immediately.
(644)