98
Proceedings of the General Council.
cepted, and the horse instantly put in service. A plain Spanish saddle
for packing was sot from Johnson and Winborn, for the same purpose.
D. PARKER, Chairman.
The foregoing report was accepted.
Mr. Hanks stated that Mr. Hoxie resigned his seat in the Council.
The resignation was accepted.
On motion of Mr. Hanks, it v as resolved .that the Governor he noti-
fied of the vacancy occasioned bv the resignation of Mr. Hoxie, and that
he be required to give notice to Asa Mitchell of Washington, that his
attendance is required in the Council.
The President stated that Mr. Wharton resigned his seat in the Coun-
cil: which was accepted. When it was resolved that the Governor be
notified of the resignation, and notify Edwin Waller of Brazoria that his
attendance is required in this Council, to supply the place of Mr. Whar-
ton.
Mr. Barrett, from the select committee to prepare an address, &c.,
reported the following address and resolutions:
To the j>eofle of Texas:
We, the undersigned, having been appointed by the General Council
of Texas, a committee for the purpose of drafting an address to you,
and preparing resolutions on the subject of our gallant army now before
Bexar, approach this subject with great diffidence, and under a full view
of the deep responsibility which rests upon us, in the discharge of this
important duty.
It is not necessary for us to go back and trace the causes which have
led us in the defence of our constitutional rights, into the present war
with the minions of a tyrant. It is sufficient that we are now in the war,
and that a noble and heroic band, composed of our fellow citizens, and
disinterested patriots from the United States of the North, are now in
an exposed and critical situation, before the walls of a strong fortress
of the enemy, and have, as you will see by the accompanying letter, (the
letter of B. R. Milam and Edward Burleson, of December 6th,) made an
appeal to you through this Council, for ammunition and reinforcements.
They are contending without the necessary munitions of war, and with-
out the usual comforts extended to armies, against a force more than
equal in number to them, and who are well supplied with ammunitions
and strongly fortified. And from information of a positive character in
our possession, the enemy will be, if they have not been already rein-
forced by large numbers. If your army is not immediately reinforced,
they will be forced to retreat or be slaughtered. Will you abandon this
army, who have marched to the field of danger at the first tocsin of
alarm? Will you give the enemies of the constitution, and the hireling .
slaves of a tyrant, the first victory?—Will you destroy the last hopes of
the “Liberals” of the Mexican Republic? Will you disappoint the ex-
pectations of your friends? Will you compromise your own honor?
Will you expose the defenceless women and children of the frontier to
the ravages of an enemy, whose only check to their conduct, is the ex-
tent of their power? No, you will not! Rise up, then, with one accord,
and shoulder your rifles, march to the field of battle, and teach the hire-
( 646 )