Proceedings of the General Council.
99
lings of a tyrant that they can not battle successfully with citizen free-
men.
Contractors have been dispatched in different directions, and sup-
plies and ammunitions are on their way to the army. We therefore pro-
pose the following resolutions:
D. C. BARRETT, Chairman:
R. R. ROYALL, ) c .
HENRY MILLARD, § Committee.
Be it resolved by the General Council of the Provisional Government
of Texas, That it is most earnestly and urgently recommended to our
fellow-citizens, promptly to volunteer and repair to the camp before
Bexar, to unite with the citizen army now there, in saving our country
from a long and bloody war by the speedy reduction of that post.
Be it further resolved, that, J. W. Fannin, junior, and Thomas J. Rusk
be appointed, and they are hereby appointed by the General Council
aforesaid, forthwith to proceed, the one upon the east side of the Trin-
ity, the other upon the west side, for the purpose of collecting reinforce-
ments, and have them enrolled for service thirty days, in separate corps,
for aiding in the reduction of Bexar: Provided, that each corps shall
elect its own officers in number according with the regular army, and all
be under the direction of the volunteer commander in the field: And also
provided, that the said volunteers shall receive the same pay and im-
munities as the most favored soldiers of the country.
Be it further resolved, that the aforesaid J. W. Fannin, jr., and Thom-
as J. Rusk, be and are hereby constituted agents or contractors for sup-
plying ammunitions, provisions and other necessaries for carrying into
effect these resolutions, and they or either of them are hereby vested
with full powers, to purchase any and all articles necessary for said vol-
unteers, upon the faith of the Provisional Government, or if not other-
wise to be procured to take such articles, and to press horses, teams,
waggons or vessels for transportation, into the public service, giving re-
ceipts or appraisements for all such takings or empressments, and the
said agents may appoint public store keepers and sub-agents at their dis-
cretion, and issue to the troops so volunteering, as they may deem neces-
sary and to the interest of the Government, in all cases taking the proper
vouchers .for their acts.
Be it further resolved, that the said agents or contractors shall keep
the Council regularly advised of their proceedings and of whatever in
their opinion may be required of the General Council, to give aid and
comfort to all the brave volunteers now in the field, in their country’s
service.
Be it further resolved, that the preceding report and resolutions be
printed and circulated throughout Texas.
Resolved, that this House appoint the following persons to act in con-
cert with Col. Fannin for carrying into effect the objects of the above
resolutions.
For Cole’s Settlement,
it
a
Ci
Washington,
New Years Creek,
Mill Creek,
San Felipe,
H. Chriesman.
John Lott.
Philip Coe.
Samuel Pettus.
Mosely Baker.
(647)