104
Proceedings of the General Council.
teed to us? No, it cannot be believed. The free Mexicans are not un-
just, and they will take part in our favor.
To arms then patriotic Mexicans. The Texians although a a young
people, invite and call you to the contest which is the duty of all to sus-
tain against the perjured centralists, separate as we have done from the
Central Government, and declare eternal war against it, let us sustain the
federal compact, restore the federal system and firmly establish the lib-
erties and happiness of our country. In this great work you will receive
aid and assistance from the Texians, so far as their limited resources will
permit, as they have offered in the second article of their declaration.
The foregoing address having been read, it was resolved that it be
signed by the officers of the Council, and all the members present, and
that 500 copies be printed in Spanish, and 200 copies in English. -
When it was signed as follows:
D. C. Barrett,
William Menifee,
Claiborne West,
J. D. Clements,
Wyatt Hanks,
Henry Millard,
Daniel Parker,
E. M. Pease, Secretary.
James W. Robinson, Lieut. Gov.
and Ex Officio of G. Co’l.
William P. Harris,
J. A. Padilla,
James Power,
James Kerr,
Ira Westover,
L. Ayres,
R. R. Royall.
Mr. Barrett presented the following resolution; which was adopted
unanimously:
Resolved by the General Council of the Provisional Government of
Texas, That our highly esteemed and patriotic fellow-citizen, General
Stephen E. Austin, being again about to leave his country, to subserve
her interests, and give a higher tone to her destinies in the land of our
nativity, as the friend and public agent of Texas, that the grateful re-
spects of this Council for themselves and in behalf of their fellow citi-
zens of Texas, be tendered to General Austin, and that in rendering
this just tribute of affection, we are impressed with a deep sense of his
past sufferings and privations, while laboring in our case and for our.
good in the city of Mexico, and sympathise in his afflictions and almost
broken, constitution, consequent upon a long and painful confinement,
for boldly standing forth for the rights of Texas, in the strong hold of
her oppressor, and that we congratulate our country in being possessed
of such an agent to represent us among the free sons of the North, in
whose aid we repose our strongest hopes, in our present conflict for free-
dom and existence, and that we extend to him the hand of parting love
and greeting, with hopes of his success and speedy return to the bosom
of his grateful countrymen: And that a copy of this resolution, signed
by the officers and members of the General Council be presented to Gen-
eral Austin before he departs from us to accomplish the wishes and hopes
of his friends.
The foregoing was signed and presented to General Austin.
On motion the Council adjourned to 3 o’clock p. m.
( 652 )