106
Proceedings of the General Council.
Mr. Kerr presented the following resolution: which was read and laid
on the table:
Eesolved, That there shall be appointed by the General Council, one
Judge Advocate General, for the armies of Texas, with the rank, pay
and emoluments of Colonel in the line, whose duties shall be the same
as that of Judge Advocate General, in the United States of North Amer-
ica, in time of war.
The House then proceeded to consider the ordinance and decree, grant-
ing a bounty in land to certain volunteers in the army of the people of
Texas.
Mr. Parker offered an additional section to the ordinanace; which was
rejected.
The ordinance was then read a third time,- when the question was
taken .on its final passage and decided in the affirmative. So the ordi-
nance passed.
On motion, Messrs. Kerr and West were appointed a committee to wait
on the Governor and request him to return to this House, an ordinance
and decree establishing and imposing duties of imposts and tonnage, and
for other purposes, for the purpose of filling a blank which was neglected
on its passage.
On motion, the Council adjourned to half past six o’clock, p. m.
HALF PAST SIX O’CLOCK, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Kerr from the committee appointed to wait on the Governor, re-
ported verbally that they had discharged that duty, and presented the
ordinance to the House. .
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the blank in the ordinance was filled with
10,000 dollars.
Mr. Hanks from the select committee appointed to procure and for-
ward ammunition to Bexar, presented the following report:
The committee who was appointed to purchase and procure ammuni-
tion for the volunteer army of the people before Bexar, respectfully re-
ports, that the following quantity of lead and powder has been obtained
for their use.
Bought of Joseph Urban, 2 kegs Dupont’s powder at fifteen dollars
each,
Bought of Jones & Townsend, 1 keg gunpowder,
" of Joshua Fletcher, 1 keg gunpowder,
$30 00
14 00
14 00
And a part of a keg of gunpowder was presented to the Government
of Texas, as a donation by Mr. Schuyle, and 16 pounds of lead.
Eeceived also of John B. Johnson, 12 pounds of powder, for which
he has presented no account.
Your committee represents unto the General Council that the fore-
going quantity of powder and lead has been sent as was directed, to the
volunteer army before Bexar, by Dr. Farley and Thomas McDonald with
the exception of the half keg presented by Mr. Schuyle, which remains
■subject to your orders.
WYATT HANKS, Chairman.
(654 )