108
Proceedings of the General Council.
The House then proceeded to elect Judges and Commissioners for
organizing the militia for the municipality of San Patricio.
On the nomination of Mr. Ayres, James McGlowan was elected First
Judge and John Turner was elected Second Judge for the municipality
of San Patricio.
On the nomination of Mr. Ayres, John Turner, John Glowan and
Daniel A. Boyle were elected Commissioers for organizing the militia
for the municipality of San Patricio.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, 250 copies of the proclamation of General
Houston, were ordered,to be printed for the use of the Council.
On motion, the Council adjourned to 9 o’clock, to-morrow morning.
E. M. PEASE, Secretary.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
December 12th, 1835.	}
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday was read.
On motion of Mr. Millard, so much of the secret session, up to this
date, as relates to the election of officers, was ordered to be spread upon
the public journals of the Council, when written out.
Mr. Millard, from the committee on enrollments, presented as duly
enrolled,
An ordinance and decree, granting a bounty in land to certain volun-
teers in the army of the people of Texas.
A resolution authorizing Colonel Powers to aid in fitting out General
Mexia.
A resolution requesting General Mexia and his command to repair to
Bexar, &c.
The Executive Secretary presented, approved by the Governor, "an
ordinance and decree establishing and imposing duties of imposts and
tonnage, and for other purposes.”
Mr. Ayres verbally tendered his resignation as a member of this Coun-
cil, from San Patricio, which was accepted.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, Mr. McMullin was admitted as a member
of this Council from San Patricio, in place of Mr. Ayres. Mr. Mc-
Mullin having taken the oath prescribed by the organic law, took his
seat as a member of the Council.
Mr. McMullen was appointed to the committee on finance.
On motion of Mr. Westover, resolved, that we forthwith go into the'
election of one third lieutenant of artillery, and one second lieutenant
of infantry, to fill the vacancies occasioned by the promotion of lieuten-
ants Poe and Wallace.
Mr. Harris nominated Nathaniel J. Dobie, and Mr. Westover nomi-
nated Walter Lambert, for third lieutenant of artillery.
The ballots being received and counted, there were for Walter Lam-
bert, seven votes, and for Nathaniel J. Dobie, five votes: whereupon Wal-
ter Lambert was declared duly elected third lieutenant of artillery.
Mr. Clements nominated Henry Fisher for second lieutenant of in-
(656 )