Proceedings of the General Council.
109
fantry; when the rule was suspended, and Henry Fisher was unanimously
elected second lieutenant of Infantry.
The President submitted the following letter from General Austin,
in reply to the resolution passed by the House yesterday.
San Felipe De AUSTIN,
December 11th, 1835.
GENTLEMEN:-
I have received, with the most lively emotions of gratitude, the resolu-
tion passed by the honorable Council this day, expressing its respect for
my acts as the public agent for Texas, to Mexico in 1833, and kind wishes
for my health and success on the important mission to the United States.
Nothing but obedience to the call of the Representatives of the people,
which is due from every citizen when the country is in danger, could
have induced me to leave here at so critical a time as this, or to have'
separated from the volunteer army. A crisis has arrived in the affairs of
Texas. I am of opinion that the people ought to form a constitution,
and organize a permanet Government without delay, in conformity with
the declaration of the seventh of November last, especially with the fifth
article, and without making any change in the principles of that , declara-
tion. This can only be done by a Convention of Texas, elected on the
basis of equality of representation so far as possible to obtain it.
I must take this occasion to express my thanks for the measures lately
adopted to sustain the volunteer army now in the field, and also for the'
aid which has been given to the native Mexican forces of the federal
party, in conformity with the second article of the declaration of the
seventh of November last. I consider these measures to be the most im-
portant that could have been adopted at this time.
With the highest respect, and the most ardent wishes for the prosperity
and happiness of our country, under a constitutional and permanently
organized Government, I have the honor to present my best wishes for
the health of the members of the Council, individually.
And to remain their most
Obedient servant,
S. F. AUSTIN.
To the President and Members
of the Honorable Council.
On motion of Mr. Harris, resolved, that a copy of the resolution, to-
gether with General Austin’s reply, be furnished the printers of the Tele-
graph, for publication.
Mr. Royall offered a resolution for establishing correspondence with
agents in the United States; which was referred to a select committee
of three.
Messrs. Royall, Barrett and McMullen were appointed the committee..
Mr. Hanks offered the following resolution; which was adopted:
Be it resolved by the General Council, that the Secretary of the Gen-
eral Council be, and is hereby required to furnish the commander-in-chief
of the regular army of Texas, with a list of the officers elected for the
regular army, and their place of residence; said place of residence to be
ascertained as nearly as possible from the member or members of the
General Council recommending them, and a list of all the contractors,
42 —vol. 1.
(657)