110
Proceedings of the General Council.
where and when appointed, together with a copy of all the ordinances
and decrees relating to the regular army, and auxiliary volunteer corps.
Mr. Hanks offered the following resolution; which was adopted:
Resolved, that when any uncertainty as to the rank of officers of the
regular army of the same grade shall arise, seniority of rank shall be de-
termined by drawing numbers; which shall be done by order of the com-
manding general, agreeably to the provisions of the section of an ordi-
nance and decree, entitled an ordinance and decree to organize and es-
tablish an auxiliary volunteer corps to the army of Texas, &c.
On motion of Mr. Parker, the House took up the resolutions offered
by him a few days since, authorizing the commanding general to receive
at least five thousand volunteers, and to fix his head quarters; when the
second resolution was stricken out, and the following substituted:
Resolved, that the Governor be required to issue his order to the com-
manding general of the army of Texas, to remove his head quarters to
Washington until further orders; when the resolutions were passed.
On motion of Mr. Clements, resolved, that a special committee of
three be appointed by the General Council, to ascertain why the pro-
ceedings of the consultation, and General Council have not been pub-
lished, also what progress has been made in printing them, and report
instanter.
Messrs. Clements, Hanks and Harris were appointed said committee.
The Executive Secretary presented the following message from the
Governor:
Executive DEPARTMIENT of Texas.
To the Honorable, the President, and
Members of the Legislative Council:
GENTLEMEN:—
I transmit to your body various bills, which I have considered and
signed.
The one with resolutions requiring me to communicate with the com-
mittee at the city of Mobile, for the purposes therein named, I have not
as yet complied with, nor am I at present in a situation to do so promptly ;
as my health is bad and my situation quite uncomfortable, but hope in
a few days to be better situated to discharge the functions of my office.
I have signed the. revenue, post office and many other bills and resolu-
tions of minor importance, all of which I transmit to you, with one to
call a convention, not approved, inasmuch as I consider it in some degree
exceptionable. My objections are confined to the third and seventh ar-
ticles, and are these.
That the Mexican population within our limits, particularly where they
are unmixed with other population, could not be tested at an election to
know whether they were in favor of centralism or not, that being the
touch stone for elligibility. Under existing circumstances, I consider
one fact plain and evident, that they who are not for us must be against
us. In my own opinion they should be so considered and treated.—
Actions always speak louder than words, and a very great proportion of
the inhabitants of Bexar afford fair examples. They have had, it is well
known, every opportunity to evince their friendship by joining our stand-
ard. With very few exceptions they have not done it, which is evidence;
( 658 )