Proceedings of the General Council.
Ill
strong and conclusive, that they are really our enemies. In many in-
stances, they have been known to fight against us. I therefore consider
that they should be neither entitled to our respect nor favor, and as such,
not entitled to a seat in our Council. As it respects the other Mexican
jurisdictions, where the touch-stone could be more properly applied, it
would be different. I therefore hope that you will reconsider the bill,
and make the alterations suggested, as I consider the objections rea-
sonable and justly founded.
With sentiments, &c. &c.
I am your obedient servant,
HENRY SMITH, Governor.
December 12, 1835.
The resolution vetoed by the Governor, was read and orderd to lie on
the table.
Mr. Padilla’s resignation as a member of this Council from Gauda-
loupe Victoria, was accepted; when Mr. Linn was sworn and took his
seat as a member of the Council, to supply the vacancy.
Mr. Linn was appointed to the committee on finance.
The account of the door keeper was presented and referred to the
committee on finance.
On motion, the Council adjourned to nine o’clock, to-morrow morning.
Council Hall, San Pelipe de Austin, )
December 13th, 1835. J
nine o’clock, a. m.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The Journal of yesterday’s proceedings having been read,
Mr. Millard, from the committee on finance, reported verbally, on the
account of Juan Jervit, for horses, &c., and recommended that said ac-
count he allowed, which report, on motion of Mr. Kerr, was adopted.
On motion of Mr. Hanks, the House took up the ordinance and decree
for the punishment of high crimes and misdemeanors, which on motion
of Mr. Millard, was recommitted to the committee who reported it, and
Mr. Menifee was added to the committee, in the place of Mr. Powers
who was absent.
Mr. Linn offered the following resolution, which was passed:
Resolved, That the treasurer is authorized, and that it is hereby made
his duty, to draw upon the commissioners in New Orleans for the sum f
two hundred and seventy dollars, in favor of Juan Jervit, being the
amount of a draft in his favor, drawn by Captain P. Dimit, for horses
bought for the public service.
Mr. Millard, from the committee on finance, reported verbally on ac-
count of the door-keeper for fourteen dollars, recommending that it
should be allowed, which was adopted.
On motion of Mr. Menifee,
Resolved, That a committee of three be appointed to enquire into the
cause of the great delay in publishing the ordinances and decrees of the
Provisional Government, in the public newspaper of Texas, agreeably to
an ordinance for that purpose; and wherefore the prisoners contemplated
(659)