Proceedings of the General Council.
113
mittee on finance, on the accounts of Jesse Strothers; laid on the table
21st of November.' Which report was accepted.
Mr. Westover’s account for corn furnished the expedition to Lepantit-
lan, was presented, and was referred to the committee on • public ac-
counts.
On motion of Mr. Millard, all public accounts now in the hands of
the committee on finance, not acted upon, were referred to the commit-
tee on public accounts.
Mr. Hanks, from the committee on military affairs, made the following
report, accompanied by an ordinance, increasing the bounty to soldiers
in the regular army.
“Whereas the good people of Texas having dared to resist tyranny
and oppression, following the experience which all nations have taught;
that it is more easy to maintain, than to wrest back usurped rights.
Hence we are involved in a civil war. The usurper and despot, with their
hireling soldiery, have not only trampled under foot the sacred constitu-
tions of our country, but are aiming their blows at the life and liberty
of every citizen. A portion of our fellow citizens are now battling against
our enemies, the minions of power and despotism, under the walls of
San Antonio. They cry to us for more assistance. The enemy is daily
expecting a large reinforcement. Perhaps at this moment the volunteer
army is engaged in deadly strife with twice their number; and their
enemies too, strongly fortified. Fearful odds! Your committee there-
fore earnestly recommend to the General Council the importance and
necessity of increasing the bounty of those persons who enlist in the
regular army, in order to complete the military establishment to the full
number authorized by the organic law, with all possible dispatch, by
so doing, greater inducements are held out to persons to enlist in the
regular army. In accordance with these views, and to effect the speedy
raising and organizing the army, your committee recommend the adop-
tion of the accompanying ordinance.
The report was received, and the ordinance read the first time.
On motion of Mr. Millard, the rule was suspended, and -the ordinance
read the second and third time, when the question was taken on its final
passage, and decided in the affirmative.
Mr. Linn offered a resolution for the appointment of a committee to
raise the revenue and custom house laws, which was adopted; and Messrs.
Linn, Royall, Harris and M'Mullen were appointed the committee.
Mr. Menifee from the committee to enquire why the ordinances and
decrees have not been published, and also why the Mexican prisoners
have not been removed to San Augustine, presented the following report,
which was accepted:
Your committee, to whom was referred the within resolution, respect-
fully report that your committee waited on the Governor, whose duty it
was made by an ordinance, to have the printing done, who says that he
has deferred the printing of the ordinances, until the acts of the conven-
tion were published, that the ordinances might follow in regular order,
and to show upon what these ordinances were based; and that for want of
men and money, or the proper means within his power or control, the
prisoners have not been removed to San Augustine.
WILLIAM MENIFEE, Chairman.
(661 )