124
Proceedings of the ■ General Council.
Gay or any other person, for the same amount in cash, or smaller bills
or notes, on the same or any other bank or banks of the United States
or State, in North America, that shall be passing current at this time
in Texas; fully guaranteeing to said Thomas Gay or others, that should
the said note or bill of one thousand dollars, prove to be spurious, and
not payed when presented for payment to the Bank of the United States,
or any of its branches, then said Treasurer of the Government of Texas,,
shall be bound to refund said amount of one thousand dollars to Thomas.
Gay, or whosoever shall have changed the same, out of any monies or
Government funds, belonging to the Government of Texas, that the said
Treasurer may have control of, at that time, or any time thereafter, with
interest at the rate of ten per centum, from the time he may lay out of
the use of his money.
Mr. Royall, from the committee on military affairs, offered the follow-
ing resolution, which was passed:
The General Council of Texas, feeling a sense of gratitude to Colonel
Sandoval, now a prisoner of war at this place, for his act of liberality in
causing the release of our countrymen, Doct. Early and others, adopted
the following resolution.
Be it resolved, that a committee of three be appointed to wait upon
Col. Sandoval, and tender him the thanks of this House for his friendly
intercession in behalf of our countrymen, when prisoners, and that the
said committee accept of his parol of honor, to return to his friends; con-
ditioned, that he does not take up arms against the federal system of gov-
ernment, of the Colonists of Texas, during this war.
Be it also resolved, that the committee be required to furnish Col-
Sandoval with a copy of this resolution in his own language.
W. HANKS, Chairman.
3. D. CLEMENTS, , Military Com.
Messrs. Clements, Royall and Hanks, were appointed the committee
under the foregoing resolutions.
On motion, the Council adjourned till nine oclock to-morrow morning-
COUNCIL Hall, Sax Felipe de AUSTIN, )
December 17th, 1835.
5
NINE o’clock, A. m.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterdays proceedings being read,
Mr. Barrett from the committee on state and judiciary, to whom was
referred the letter of J. W. Eannin, junior, respecting the disposition of
the wreck at Matagorda, made the following report, accompanied by an
ordinance and decree, for sequestering and securing the cargo of the
schooner Hannah Elizabeth, and instituting an inquiry respecting the
same, and for other purposes.
( 672 )