Proceedings of the General Council.
127
Resolved, that said commissioners be required to hold said treaty as
soon as practicable.
The foregoing report was adopted, and the resolutions ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. Clements from the select committee to inquire why the proceed-
ings of the Convention and Council have not been published, made the
following report; which was accepted, and a copy ordered to be sent to
the printer.
Your committee, whose duty it was made by a resolution of the Gen-
eral Council, to inquire into the cause why the proceedings of the Con-
vention and General Council, have not been published before this time,
beg leave to report, that a note has been addressed to the committee who
was appointed by the Convention, the day previous to its close, to superin-
tend the proceedings of said Convention, in pamphlet form, and have
received an answer from two of that committee, James W. Robinson and
D. C. Barrett, both of whom state, that owing to the laborious duties
which devolved upon them as members of the General Council, which
commenced its session immediately after the adjournment of the con-
vention, they were not able to give their personal attention to the sub-
ject. It was therefore committed to Mr. Fisher to prepare under the
direction of Mr. Wharton. When prepared, on examination were found
to be imperfect. ' We then revised them and sent them to the printer.
This was done some fifteen or sixteen days since; so it seems from the
statement of the previous committee appointed to superintend the print-
ing, &c., that the proceedings of the convention were not handed to the
printer until the first day of December last, past.
Your committee also addressed a note to the Governor, Henry Smith,
making the same inquiry as was made by the committee appointed by
the Convention, to superintend the printing, &c.; but have received no
answer.
Your committee addressed a note to the printers on the subject, asking
them for their reasons, why the proc.eedings of the Convention had not
been published, anterior to this time; and what progress has been made
in printing the same? Your committee takes much pleasure in stating
that an answer has been received from the printers, assigning reasons
full and satisfactory in the opinion of your committee, why the afore-
said proceedings have not been sooner printed.
In addition to the important communication received from the com-
mander-in-chief of the volunteer army of the people, before Bexar, and
the intercepted correspondence of the centralists, which require imme-
diate publication: A circular inviting the people to repair to the seat
of war, and blank commissions for judicial affairs; have also been print-
ed. So that from the press of business by the members of the General
Council, which has been urged upon the printers from time to time, it
has been entirely out of their-power to progress more rapidly with the
printing of the proceedings of the Convention and General Council, than
has already been done. They, the printers, also state that sixteen pages
of the pamphlet have been printed, and considerably more is in type;
and that the rest could be completed in a few days, if no more jobs wer
ordered by the Government in that time,, provided they had paper; but
the stock of paper which they had on hand has been exhausted in print-
ing for the Government, as before mentioned, and they are compelled to
(675 )