128
Proceedings of the General Council.
wait for a supply of paper, which they are daily expecting, before they
can complete the printing of the said proceedings.
Notwithstanding it is highly important for the people to know what
their Representatives in the Convention and General Council have done
and are doing, yet your committee, from what information they have
been able to obtain relative to the printing of the laws, &c., cannot
attach any blame or negligence, whatever, to the printers; but on the
contrary, it is the opinion of your committee that they have discharged
their duty faithfully, so far as it has been in their power.
Mr. Barrett made the following report on the letter of Judge Wilson,
which was accepted.
Your special committee of one, to whom was referred the letter of
the Hon. C..Wilson, first judge of the municipality of Matagorda, doth
most conscientiously report:
That the brevity, inconclusiveness and incoherency of Judge Wilson’s
letter, prevents him from forming any conclusions, other, than that some
of the persons elected as officers in. the army of Texas have safer and
more profitable business than fighting; a measure which is so prudent in
itself as to require no comment. And also, that a wreck has taken place,
which has created great displeasure. But what has been wrecked, or
who are so greatly displeased by reason thereof, the Judge has not stated,
and probably because he had not been able to learn the circumstances.
Your committee also advise this house, that Judge Wilson has appoint-
ed a prosecuting attorney, which he had no legal right to do; and that
there are eleven prisoners and one lieutenant, which he has quartered
among the citizens from motives of economy, and concerning which the
Judge asked to be advised. But as your committee is ignorant to what
class of animals the eleven prisoners belong, whether biped or quadruped,
cannot advise this body the nature of the counsel, which would aid the
Judge in his present quandary. D. C. BARRETT, Committee.
Mr. Barrett, by leave submitted an ordinance and decree, relating to
the disposition of lands in Texas; which was read and ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. Mitchell offered the following resolution, which was referred to
the committee on military affairs.
Be it resolved by the General Council of Texas, that a special ranging
company of ten men be raised, to range on the head waters of Cum-
ming’s and Rabb’s creeks, to be commanded by a first and second lieu-
tenant, their service to be discretional with the officers; and that said
officers be instructed to range no longer than they conceive it necessary
for the protection of the citizens, in the immediate vicinity:—And that
said company be entitled to pay agreably to the organic law, for the
time that they serve.
Mr. Steel, commissioner for the Nashville colony, appeared and said
that he was ready to answer any charges against him.
The Council agreed this afternoon to go into an investigation, and ap-
pointed Messrs. Barrett, Milliard and Kerr to conduct the investigation
on the part of the Council.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the Council went into secret session, and
after some time spent therein, the doors were opened.
On motion, the Council adjourned to six o’clock, p. m.
( 676 )