Proceedings of the General Council.
129
six o’clock, P. m.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Millard, from the committee on enrollments, reported as duly
enrolled,
An ordinance and decree for sequestering and securing the wreck and
cargo of the schooner Hannah Elizabeth, and instituting an inquiry re-
specting the same, and for other purposes.
A resolution for appointing Thomas F. McKinny, agent &c., for re-
ceiving and forwarding supplies, &c.
A resolution directing the Governor to instruct our foreign agents,
to appoint corresponding agents, &c., &c.
The Executive Secretary presented, approved by the Governor, a reso-
lution appointing Thomas F. McKinny agent, &e.
The President laid before the House the resignation of Mr. Westover,
as a member of this Council; which was accepted.
The President laid before the House a report from Colonel Pettus,
respecting his operation in aid of General Mexia, and also his resigna-
tion of the office of contractor for the volunteer army.
The resignation was accepted, and the report referred to a select com-
mittee, consisting of Messrs. Barrett, Clements, McMullen, Powers and
Royall.
Mr. Barrett, from the committee appointed on the part of the Coun-
cil, to conduct the investigation in the case of Wm. H. Steel, made a
statement of the proceedings in relation to the refusal of Mr. Steel to
deliver the archives of the Land Office under his charge, together with
the circumstances attending the same.
Mr. Steel came before the Council and stated, that the warrant to
arrest him had not been served upon him, but hearing that one had been
issued, he appeared for the purpose of explaining the circumstances of
his refusal.
He stated that the citizens of Viesca did not consider that their dele-
gates were clothed with conventional powers, but that they generally
approved of the doings of the Convention, so far as they were informed of
them; that he lived at a great distance from the seat of Government,
from which communications were very uncertain. That as he had been
informed of the provisions of the organic law,. no such powers were
given as claimed by the commissioners, one of whom was a commissioner
for issuing titles under Austin and Williams, who claimed to be em-
presarios of that colony. That the refusal was made through misunder-
standing, and in the moment of excitement, and not from any disrespect
to the Government or its authorities. With this explanation he sub-
mitted himself to the Council.
On motion of Mr. Royall,
. Resolved, that this council is satisfied from the explanation made by
Mr. Steel, that his refusal to deliver up the archives of the land office
under his charge, was made under a misunderstanding, and not from any
disrespect to the Government or its authorities.
On motion of Mr. Barrett,
Resolved, that Mr. Steel be furnished with a copy of the above reso-
lution, and that he be honorably discharged.
Mr. Clements from the military committee, reported a resolution for
( 077 )