130
Proceedings of the General Council.
receiving the non-acceptance of Madison Whitaker, as second lieutenant
of infantry; which was accepted.
Mr. Clements from the military committee, made the following re-
port, which was adopted:
Your committee, to whom Captain Allen was referred for the purpose
of obtaining information relative to the regular army, and the auxiliary
corps, take pleasure in stating, that the organic law, and the ordinances
were handed to Captain Allen, and that he is anxious to join the regular
army, after examining the same.
Your committee recommend, that the services of Captain Allen be
accepted, and that he has already the requisite number of men for a com-
pany, that we proceed to appoint him Captain in the infantry. A va-
cancy which has already occurred by the refusal of one of those who was
elected.
Your committee further recommends, that the recommendation of
Captain Allen to F. W. Thornton, for first lieutenant, and McCloskey
and Brush, for second lieutenants, be received, and that their names
stand on the list to fill the first vacancies that take place by resignation
or otherwise*
The rule of the House was suspended, and on nomination of Mr. Mil-
lard, John M. Allen, was unanimously elected as captain of infantry ’n
the regular army, to supply the vacancy occasioned by the non-acceptance
of Ezekiel Williams.
On nomination of Mr. Clements, Mr. McCloskey was unanimously
elected second lieutenant of infantry in the regular army, to supply the
vacancy occasioned by the non-acceptance of Madison Whitaker.
On motion of Mr. Clements, the account of P. Martin, now in the
hands of the committee on military affairs, was referred to the commit-
tee on public accounts.
On motion of Mr. Millard, the House went into secret session, and
after some time spent therein, the doors were opened.
Mr. Hanks, from the committee on military affairs, presented, an or-
dinance and decree to require the Paymaster General and Quartermaster
General, to give bonds, &c.; which was read the first time and ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. Powers offered a resolution that no member of this Council shall
be eligible to any office created by them, while members of the Council,
nor for three months after they vacate their seats as members; which
was read and ordered to lie on the table.
On motion, the Council adjourned to nine o’clock to-morrow morning.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
December 18th, 1835. J
nine o’clock, a. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journals of yesterday’s proceedings being read,
Mr. Clements, from the committee on military affairs, made the follow-
ing report, which was adopted:
Your committee on military affairs believe that the additional corps of
rangers, is altogether unnecessary, as asked for in the within resolution.
/678)