Proceedings of the General Council.
133
Executive DEPARTMENT of Texas.
To the Honorable, the President, and
Members of the Legislative Council:
GEN’TLEMEN:—
I herewith transmit to you the official report of the capitulation of
the enemies’ forces at Bexar, of which rumor has some time since reached
you. I send you the correspondence, not only because it is due to you,
but with the request that you investigate it, and as soon as possible, that
your body will be good enough to make from the whole a succinct official
report for the public eye as you may deem expedient and best calculated
to be circulated in handbill form, in order that it be published and circu-
lated immediately.
I am, gentlemen,
Your obedient servant,
HENRY SMITH, Governor.
December 17, 1835.
Mr. Barrett offered the following, which was adopted:
Resolved, that the General Council feel, that no better or more suitable
report can be made to the people of Texas and to the world of the brilliant
.storming and taking of Bexar, than that contained in the returns of the
brave officers who have communicated their achievements to the Pro-
visional Government, and that the same be given to the printer for publi-
cation, and five hundred copies in handbill form be printed as soon as
possible.
The account of John Griffin was presented and referred to the commit-
tee on public accounts.
The rule of the House was suspended, and the ordinance appropriating
forty thousand dollars for raising the regular army, was read a second
time.
Mr. Barrett presented the petition of S. E. Robinson, agent of the
Nashville company, which was referred to the committee on the state
and judiciary.
The President laid before the House a communication from General
Houston, enclosing the resignation of Philip A. Sublette as colonel of
infantry, which was accepted.
On motion, the Council adjourned until nine o’clock to-morrow morn-
ing.
Council Hall, San Felipe de AUSTIN, )
December 19, 1835.	)
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
A quorum not being presnt, adjourned to three o’clock p. m.
THREE o’clock, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The President submitted several letters in the Castilian language,
which were referred to the select committee to whom General Mexia’s
letters were referred.
(681)