Proceedings of the General Council.
137
James Drake, J. Bevill, jr. were duly elected second lieutenants of the
legion of cavalry.
The House then proceeded to ballot for Cornets, when E. Y. Barbo,
John V. Morton, Prospect McKay, W. O. Stuvelin, John 0. Goodrich
and Darwin M. Stapp, were duly elected cornets to the legion of Cavalry.
The Council adjourned to seven o’clock p. m.
SEVEN O’CLOCK, P. M.
The House met pursuant to adjournment, and proceded to ballot for
a commissary general: when Mr. Barrett nominated Thomas E. McKin-
ney, who was unanimously elected commissary general.
The House then proceeded to ballot for first major of artillery, to sup-
ply the vacancy occasioned by the non-acceptance of William B. Travis;
when Francis W. Johnson was duly elected.
The House then proceeded to elect a first lieutenant of infantry, in
place of John York, promoted; when F. W. Thornton was duly elected.
The President submitted a letter respecting horses lost by the United
State’s volunteer companies; which was referred to the committee on pub-
lic accounts.
The election for commissioners to treat with the Indians, was made
the order of the day for Tuesday next.
On motion, the Council went into secret session, and after some time
spent therein, the doors were opened.
On motion, the House adjourned to nine o’clock to-morrow morning.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
December 21st, 1835.	)
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday’s proceedings having been read,
Mr. Hanks, from the committee on military affairs, reported the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read and adopted:
Be it resolved by the General Council of the Provisional Government
of Texas, that William Moore shall be, and is hereby appointed Sutler to
the troops at Bexar: Provided, he shall be subject to the orders of the
commandant of said post, according to the rules and discipline of war.
WYATT HANKS.
The President submitted a letter from B. B. Goodrich, respecting sup-
plies for volunteers passing through Washington, which was referred to
the committee on military affairs.
The House took up the resolution offered by Mr. Powers a few days
since, making members of the Council ineligible to any office created by
them while members of the Council.
Mr. Clements offered the following amendment:
“All officers in the army shall be ineligible to any office in the civil
department, so long as they hold their offices in the army.”
Mr. Kerr offered the following amendment to the amendment of Mr..
Clements:
(685)