142
Proceedings of the General Council.
TEREE o’clock, p. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The Executive Secretary presented the following message from the
Governor, which together with the accompanying documents, was re-
ferred to the committee on military affairs:
Executive Department of Texas.
To the President and members
of the General Council.
GENTLEMEN:—
I herewith transmit to you various documents received from the som-
mander at Bexar.
You will see various bills which they think necessary to be filled out,
all of which you will compare and consider. The bills already forwarded
to the United States to be filled by special agents, you will take into
sideration, and see if any thing additional should be ordered.
Of the article of bread stuff, they seem to be very scarce, and from
con-
ver-
bal information, very little is on the way from Gonzales. What orders
have been sent to commissaries, for the forwarding of supplies from the
West, by way of Labacca, I am not advised, but hope that the necessary
means will be used to keep them supplied, with whatever the garrison
may need.
You will also see an account in favor of Mr. Arnold, of which you
will make the proper disposition.
The documents relating to the creation of officers in the camp, re-
quiring commissions, &c. &c., I have passed over to General Houston,
the commander-in-chief, with a request that he proceed to order the
proper officers to that point to takq command, and reduce the previous
■disorganization to system.
I also transmit to you, documents this moment received from Capt.
'Caldwell of Gonzales, who has been engaged in forwarding supplies to.
the army.
I have also received verbal information, that Capt. Caldwell has un-
fortunately received a wound which will probably retard the prosecution
of his duties for the present. By verbal request of officers, who have
been in command at -Bexar, I am informed that a Mr. Smith, a deaf
man, well known to the army for his vigilence and meritorious acts, has
been severely wounded in storming Bexar, and that his family are daily
expected in this place, with an expectation that the Council would ex-
ercise such guardianship over them as their situation may require. Thein
head remains in camp, as his services as a spy cannot well be dispensed
with. All of which is transmitted to your honorable body for its informa-
tion, and corresponding effects, by your
Obedient servant,
HENRY SMITH, Governor.
December 23d, 1835.
Mr. Royall, from the committee on public accounts, made the follow-
ing report, which, was adopted; and the chairman of the committee of
finance was directed to draw drafts upon the Treasurer, in 'favor of those
(690 )