144
Proceedings of the General Gouncil.
On motion, Mr. Mitchell was appointed to the committee of finance.
On motion, Mr. Thompson was added to the committee on naval affairs.
Mr. Hanks asked leave of abscence during the day.—Granted.
The President submitted a letter from the committee of safety of Beau-
mont, which was read and referred to the committee on the state and
judiciary.
On motion, the House adjourned to seven o’clock, p. m.
SEVEN O’CLOCK, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
On motion, the House proceeded to the election of certain officers of
the army to fill vacancies; when Martin K. Snell, was elected second
lieutenant of infantry, in place of
-, resigned.
Velentine Bennett was duly elected first lieutenant of infantry, in the
place of-John York, promoted.
Mr. Barrett submitted a letter recommending G. B. Jamison, for an
appointment in the engineer department, which was read and laid on
the table.
On motion of Mr. Menifee, the House took up the message of the Gov-
ernor, of the seventeenth instant, containing charges against certain per-
, sons therein named, which had heretofore been considered in secret ses-
sion and directed to be taken up in open session. After some discussion,
Mr. Menifee presented a resolution respecting the powers of the Execu-
tive; which was read, and the whole subject ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. Millard presented his resignation as a member of the Council,
which was accepted.
On motion, it was resolved, that the thanks of this House be voted to
Mr. Millard, for his attention and devotion to the interests of his country,
while a member of this House.
Mr. Linn, by leave, reported an ordinance respecting imposts and
tonnage, which had been recommitted.
The ordinance and decree respecting imposts and tonnage, was made
the order of the day for to-morrow.
On motion, the House adjourned to nine o’clock to-morrow morning.
Council Hall, San Eelipe de Austin, )
December 24th, 1835.	§
nine o’clock, a. m.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday’s proceedings was read.
Mr. Royall presented the account of David Austin, for a horse lost,
which account had been transferred to Captain Tho. H. Bruce.
The account was allowed for eighty dollars, and the chairman of the
committee of finance directed to draw for the same out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The following accounts were presented and referred to the committee-
on accounts:
John M. Allen, Jethro R. Bancroft, three different accounts in favor
of Wm. Dunlevy, James I. Hal combe.
On motion, the House adjourned to three o’clock, p. m.
( 692)