Proceedings of the General Council.
151
Mr. Parker presented an account of Henry Millard, for monies paid
for expresses and stationery; which was referred to the committee on
public lands.
On motion, the House adjourned till three o’clock, p. m.
TEREE o’clock, p. m.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Linn from the committee on enrollments, reported as duly en-
rolled, a resolution for instructing the commissioners appointed to treat
with the Cherokees.
On motion of Mr. Harris,
Resolved, that a committee of three be appointed to take up all claims
rejected by the committee on public accounts, who shall collect and ex-
amine the evidence respecting them, and if in their opinion such claims
are equitable and just, to report an ordinance or resolution for their
relief. Messrs. Harris, Menifee and McMullen were appointed that com-
mittee.
Mr. Royall from the committee on public accounts, made the follow-
ing report, which was adopted, and the chairman of the committee of
Finance, was authorized and directed, to draw orders upon the Treasurer
in favor of the respective persons therein specified, for the specific
amounts allowed them.
Your committee to whom was referred sundry accounts, claims and
demands, beg leave to report that they have had the same under consid-
eration, and have passed them as follows, viz:
No. 17. A certified discharge out of the service of the federal army of
Texas, for two months and thirteen days service, ending on the fifth of
December, 1835, which is passed for the amount of forty-eight dollars,
sixty-six cents, in favor of Joshua Canter.
No. 18. A certified discharge out of the service of the federal army of
Texas, for two months service, ending fifth December, 1835, which is
passed for the amount of forty dollars in favor of Nicholas Kelly.
No. 30. A certified discharge out of the service of the. federal army of
Texas, for two months and thirteen days service, ending on the fifth day
of December, 1835, which is passed for the amount of forty-eight dollars
and sixty-six cents, in favor of John Bougnieno.
No. .21. A certified discharge from Captain M. R. Goheen’s company,
for one month and twenty-six days service, ending the 34th November,
1835, which is passed for the amount of thirty-seven dollars, thirty-three
cents; also a certificate from W. S. Thomas, quarter-master, for seventeen
dollars, seventy-five cents, for corn furnished Captains Inglish and Brad-
ley’s companies, the thirtieth October, 1835, which is passed, both of
which items are in favor of John Ingram, making an aggregate of fifty-
five dollars and eight cents.
No. 23. A certified discharge out of the sendee of the army and com-
pany of Captain George Inglish for two months and three days service,
ending on the fourteenth Deember, 1835 which is passed for the amount
of forty-two dollars in favor of A. H. White.
No. 24. 25. A certified discharge out of the service of the federal army
of Texas, for two months and twenty-five days service, ending thirteenth
December, 1835, which is passed for the emount of fifty dollars sixty-six
cents. Also a certificate from John York, captain of the Brazos Guards,
(699)