Proceedings of the General Council.
153
turned it with these remarks. And furthermore says, “that owing to the
combined and active opposition of some six or eight speculators, sus-
tained by individuals from the States, who employ them to engross the
lands that are properly the public domain, that the intentions of the
Government and its acts relating to the public lands, and even its judi-
cial acts, have been delayed and interrupted, greatly to the injury of the
public.”
He further says, “I should be happy to receive from the Council some
rules for my government as judge; the duties of which I shall endeavor
faithfully to discharge.”
He says further, “I am solicitous to learn whether the two per cent.,
duties, which have heretofore been laid for the use of the State, is yet in
force.” And concludes by saying, “a good set of uniform laws or de-
crees, regulating and governing the judiciary, would have a beneficial in-
fluence, &c.”
Your honorable body will plainly see from the foregoing, the situation
of the land offices to the East, and that the acts of the Convention have
not been carried into effect: nor does it appear that they can be, short of
a military force, and whether such a course would be calculated to pro-
duce any salutary effect, is for your honorable body to determine. That
some kind of effort should be made by us to sustain and protect the pub-
lic interest, must be obvious to all. While we are contending with a
powerful foe, even for our very existence, that we should find men
among us capable of committing piracies both on sea and land, is, I must
admit, rather discouraging; but permit me to say to you, that every oppo-
sition has a powerful tendency to stimulate me to a greater exertion, and
I hope it will have the same effect on your honorable body.—Opposition,
strong, vigilant and persevering was by me anticipated, hence I am never
taken by surprise, or deceived in the persons who stir up. They never'
considered the public good, but seek- their own private interests; hence
they are ever vigilant and on the wing. It is made our duty to guard
and protect that which they wish to destroy. They dread organization
as a great evil, because honest investigation follows as a matter of course,
which they dread; prefering darkness to light, because their deeds have'
been evil.
These men have their unprincipled hirelings and satelites to operate,
and endeavor to keep themselves' behind the screen; they may not be
generally known to your body, and as such, will no doubt, often attempt
to practice fraud upon you, by their insinuating approaches. Me, they
seldom approach: they may overpower, but never can deceive.
I consider that we are discharging the public trust confided to us by the
representatives of the people, and that our duties should be performed
with that energy and promptitude which the true interests of the coun-
try and the expectations of the people require at our hands; regardless
of all other considerations, I would recommend to the consideration of
your honorable body, the propriety of some efficient force to be adopted,
to carry into effect the decrees of the late Convention, and also the de-
crees of the Provisional Government, predicated on their authority. Let
us honestly and faithfully discharge our duties, and the people will sus-
tain us.
I am entirely at a loss to know what is meant in the inquiry of Mr.
Forbes respecting the two per cent, duty, heretofore collected in favor of
(701)