Proceedings of the General Council.
155
Your committee, to whom was referred the accounts and vouchers for
property, as presented by Captain J. M. Allen, beg leave to make the fol-
lowing report:
1st. That the within receipts ought to be handed to the auditor, as
they are duplicate amounts of debts due by the Government, to the indi-
viduals as expressed by the receipts.
2d. The annexed list shews what articles are in the hands of Captain
J. M. Allen, which belong to the public; and your committee think it
proper to say, that they deem it due to Captain J. M. Allen and his
officers, for having paid all attention to the public interest that circum-
stances would admit.
JOHN J. LINN, Chairman.
A list of articles left by Captain J. M. Allen in the care of Benjamin
Beason, on the Colorado.
14 Kegs powder,
1	Box cannon powder,
2	Pigs lead,
1 Box sundries, shoes, &c.
1 Bbl paper and 13 catridge boxes,
1-2 Keg epsom salts,
3 Swords,
13 Muskets,
1	Box catridges,
1 Box said to contain catridge boxes amounting to 30.
1-2 Bushel salt,
A part of a box of tobacco,
1 Axe,
1 Waggon,
1	Waggon tent,
4	Chains,
4	Yoke of oxen.
By P. W. THORNTON,
First Lieutenant.
Mr. Royall presented an ordinance and decree for defining and fixing
the boundaries of the municipality of Matagorda, which was read the
first time, when the rule was suspended, and the ordinance read a second
and third time, when the question was taken on its final passage, and de-
cided in the affirmative.
Mr. Kerr offered the following preamble and resolutions, which were
read and adopted:
Whereas, by the eighteenth article of the treaty of capitulation, made
with General Cos, at Bexar, on the 11th December, 1835, the prisoners
of both armies up to that time shall be put at liberty: Therefore,
Be it resolved, and it is hereby resolved, that the prisoners, Ensign An-
tonia de La Garza and Cadet Juan de La Garza, be set at liberty on their
parol of honor, not in any way to oppose the re-establishment of the
federal constitution of 1824, according to the first article of said capitu-
lation.
Be it further resolved, and it is hereby resolved, that the Governor be
requested to correspond with the commanding officer at Matamoras, and
( 703 )