Proceedings of the General Council.
157
read the third time, when the question was taken on its final passage,
and decided in the affirmative.
On motion, the committee of finance were discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition of John J. Linn, and the petition was
referred to the committee on the state and judiciary.
On motion of Mr. Hanks, the report of the committee on military, re-
specting the disposition of the troops, &c., was taken up and adopted.
The ordinance prohibiting officers in the army from holding other
offices, was taken up and postponed until the fourth day of July next.
The resolution directing Captain Allen to proceed to Copano, was
taken up and indefinitely postponed.
The committee on military affairs presented the following report,
which was considered and adopted:
Your committee, to whom was referred the letter of B. B. Goodrich,
have had the same under consideration, and beg leave to report, that it
is impossible to enlist men in the service, or obtain aid, unless provisions
are furnished to them, for very few of them have the means of sub-
sistence; and we cannot expect aid, either at home or abroad, unless some
provision is made for their reception and subsistence, and we have satis-
factory information, that persons are now at Washington, and daily ar-
riving, who have come with the avowed object of assisting Texas in her'
present struggle, and we have declared to them through our agents, as
well as otherwise, and to our friends throughout the United States of
the North, that ample provision shall be and is made for them, and
inasmuch as there is no money in the Treasury at present, and to coun-
teract the evil that must grow out of the present state of things; your
committee recommend the adoption of the following resolutions:
Be it resolved, that the contractor of the Provisional Government of
Texas, at the town of Washington, be and he is hereby authorized, to
press provisions for the men going to the army, or such as intend joining
the army: Provided, they cannot be purchased; and to give drafts upon
the Government aforesaid for the same; and that said debts be consid-
ered as cash due by the Government; and that said Contractor be, and
he is hereby authorized to call upon the civil authorities to assist him to
obtain said provisions, if necessary.
Be it further resolved, that the Secretary furnish a certified copy of
this report and resolutions, and forward the same to the Contractor at
Washington, on the Brasos.
The ordinance and decree creating the municipality of Fort Bend, was
taken up and read the second time; when, on motion of Mr. Harris, it
was laid on the table until to-morrow.
Mr. Linn, from the committee on enrollments, reported as duly en-
rolled,
"An ordinance defining and fixing the boundaries of the municipality
of Matagorda.”
Also, "a resolution respecting an exchange of Mexican prisoners.”
On motion, the House adjourned till to-morrow, nine o’clock, a. m.
45 —vol. i.
(705)