Proceedings of the General Council.
159
taken up, Mr. Royall offered a substitute for the ordinance which was
read, when the ordinance was made the order of the day for this after-
noon.
Mr. Barrett from the .committee on the state and judiciary, made the
following report, which was read and ordered to lie on the table:
To the Honorable, the General-Council
of the Provisional Government:
Your committee on state and Judiciary to whom was referred the Gov-
ernor’s message of the 36th instant, and various letters and documents
from Nacogdoches—
Respectfully report, that from the general information contained in
the Governor’s message and letters from S. H. Everitt, Esq. the only
acting commissioner under the fourteenth section of the organic law, in
the department of Nacogdoches, and the other documents referred; your
committee are unwillingly convinced of the prevalence of a spirit of dis-
organization, in some parts of that country, which in a more limited de-
gree, also, exists elsewhere in Texas; and that this spirit, the natural con-
sequence of the revolutionary state of our country, a change in its form
of government, a mixed population, coming from various parts of the
world, strangers to each other and unassimilated in character or habit;
but your committee are well convinced, from the knowledge of the Anglo-
American character which constitutes the greater part of Texas citizens,
that the intelligence and moral feeling of the mass of that people, ever
reflective, would have ere this led them to consistency of conduct, and
respect for the existing authorities, created by their own representatives,
from the present necessity, however crude in organization, yet giving
order and affording protection for the time; were it not for ambitious
demagogues, designing and sinister speculators, equally destitute of patri-
otism, and regardless of the people’s rights, and every other considera-
tion that obstructs the gratification of their own private ends. Such men,
even in a settled and well regulated community, often distract the minds
of the honest and undesigning, disturb the harmony of society, until by
a severe rebuke from the people themselves, or by the strong arm of the
law, their career of wickedness is checked, and they become objects of
contempt and infamy. That the good people are troubled from such men
among them, is by no means unexpected. To guard against the conse-
quences of their evil machinations is our first duty, and involving im-
mense responsibility upon all the officers of the Provisional Government;
and we cannot hope to effect this, unless union, prudence, justice and
firmness, are the governing motives of all our conduct throughout all
our councils.
Your committee most cordially respond to the principles of action
recommended to this Council, as necessary to the very existence of order
and respect for the laws, and are fully aware of the magnitude of the
evil and deep injury to the country, consequent upon the intrigues,
frauds and uncontrolled ravages of the daring and unprincipled land
speculators, who infest the country, agitating the public mind with base
falsehoods, and keeping up discord, distrust and disrepute to their own
and only source of present protection, and last barrier against anarchy
and internal war, the Provisional Government of Texas. Your commit-
tee confidently assure his excellency that the General Council know these
(707)