Proceedings of the General Council. '
161
Your committee therefore advise that the Governor be authorized and
required to make out in a proper manner, the common law writ of assist-,
ance, commanding all officers, whether civil or military, and all good
citizens of Texas, to be at any and at all times, when required, aiding and
assisting said commissioners, or any two of them, in the execution of said
commission, and that on any person or persons refusal, when thus called
upon by virtue of such writ of assistance, to render prompt and efficient
aid, he or they shall be fined in a summary way, on due proof, in any sum
not extending over one hundred dollars.
Your committee further advise, that the Governor in his instructions
to said commissioners, require them to use all possible prudence and for-
bearance, consistent with the honor and dignity of the state, in the
execution of their trust, and not resort to physical force, until other
measures are exhausted and unsuccessful.
Your committee being sensibly impressed with the necessity of framing
an ordinance for the better defining the duties of judges and other offi-
cers of justice, and regulating fees, &c. recommend that the proper com-
mittee be required to report an ordinance to the Council without further
delay, and said committee already merits the just censure of this House
for so long delaying a duty imperatively required of the Government by
the organic law; but advise, that all judges having a knowledge of the
common law of England, will at once see their duties explained in the
administration of criminal justice, and in writs of Habeas Corpus as well
in the definition of crimes, as in the form of executing the laws. The
principles are applicable throughout, and well adapted to the understand-
ing and habits of our citizens generally. For testamentary powers are
also given to judges. And your committee advise that these powers are.
regulated by the heretofore existing laws of the land, whether provided
by the statutes, or as regulated by the law partidas, or other principles of
the civil law.	,
Notarial powers are to be executed under and by the provisions of
the same laws, with this difference, perhaps, that all judges are, by the
■organic law made public notaries without a special commission.
Attachments, sequestrations and arrests are regulated by the civil code
and code of practice of the state of Louisiana. All other civil proceed-
ings being suspended, until otherwise directed by the Government, your
committee would advise that it would be impossible to give further in-
structions upon the duties of judges unless by “writing out a system of
laws, copied from all the above, which have long been in use in Texas.
From other documents referred, your committee are satisfied, that the
postmaster of Nacogdoches greatly contributes to the prevailing dis-
orders and discontents among the people there, by withholding communi-
cations calculated to inform and undeceive them, as respects the acts of
their convention and of the Government; and acting in concert with the
land speculators and other evil disposed persons, to the great injury of
the public tranquillity and safety; and therefore advise that the post-
master general be required to discharge the said postmaster at Nacog-
doches from office, and appoint some one, whose patriotism and love of
order will produce a respect for the Government of the people, and obe-
dience to the laws.
Another subject worthy of consideration is presented to your commit-
tee by the papers referred, which is an appropriation of public monies in
(709)