162
Proceedings of the General Council.
Nacogdoches, for the necessary expenses of the commissioners, and pay-
ing express riders between the Government and Nacogdoches. No pro-
vision has been made for compensation to commissioners, or for their
necessary contingent expenses; and as frequent communications may be
required between the commissioners of that department and the Govern-
ment, your committee advise that the said commissioners be authorized
to draw upon the collector of Nacogdoches from time to time, so that
the whole sum shall not exceed five hundred dollars, which shall be ac-
counted for, and settled in the same manner of other public accounts;
and that said commissioners be instructed, to keep the Government reg-
ularly advised of their proceedings, until they shall be able to report
their trust executed.
Your committee, therefore advise the adoption of the following reso-
lutions.
1.	Resolved, that John Forbes be requested to accept his appointmnt
as a commissioner in the Nacogdoches department, to unite in carrying
into effect the provisions of the fourteenth section of the organic law
of the Provisional Government of Texas; and that his acceptance there-
of is hereby declared compatible with his duties as judge.
2.	Resolved, that G. W. Smith be, and he is hereby appointed a com-
missioner for the aforesaid department, for carrying into effect the pro-
visions of the said fourteenth section of the organic law; and that the
Governor be required to instruct the commissioners of said department,
agreeably to the foregoing report, a copy of which shall be furnished him
with these resolutions.
3.	Resolved, that the said commissioners be,and they are hereby author-
ized to draw upon the collector of the department of Nacogdoches, "from
time to time, for any sum or sums, in all not to exceed five hundred dol-
lars, and that they account for, and settle the same, in the same manner
as other officers of the Government.
4.	Resolved, that the post master general be required to dismiss Henry
Raguet, the postmoster of Nacogdoches, and appoint some one in his
place of known integrity, and who will respect and obey the laws of the
land.
5.	Resolved, that the Governor at his pleasure, may give instructions
to any judge commissioned by him, agreeably to the provisions contained
in the foregoing report.
6.	Resolved, that the Council will render the executive every neces-
sary assistance, by advice or other suitable co-operation, in giving prompt
and efficient execution to the duties of the department; and in giving
stability and confidence to the Government, by uniting in prudent and
wise councils for the protection of the people, and the safety of the coun-
try, involved in the calamities of disorganizers at home, and war within
our borders.
7.	Resolved, that the Governor be required to execute and carry into
full effect the fourteenth section of the organic law, as contemplated by
its provisions throughout all Texas; and that he be vested with full pow-
ers to do so.
On motion the House adjourned till three o’clock, p. m.
(710)