164
Proceedings of the General Council.
The President submitted a letter from S. Rhodes Fisher of Matagorda,
respecting the archives of the office of judge of that municipality, which
was referred to the committee on state and judiciary.
Colonel Bowie, by leave, submitted his views respecting an expedition
to Matamoras, &c.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the committee on military affairs, was in-
structed to take the subject into consideration, and report a plan of opera-
tions for the forces of Texas.
On motion the Council adjourned till nine o’clock to-morrow morning.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
December 29th, 1835.	)
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday’s proceedings being read,
Mr. Royall presented the following resolution, which was adopted: and
Mr. Kerr appointed a committee to carry the resolution into effect.
Resolved, that the House appoint a committee of one to wait on the
stamp officer of this place and request him to hand over all stamp paper
which he may have on hand.
Mr. Coe, member elect from the municipality of Washington, ap-
peared, was sworn, and took his seat.	.
The executive secretary presented the following message from the
Governor which was read.
Executive DEPARTMENT of Texas.
To the Honorable, the President, and
Members of the Lefsla tive Council:
GENTLEMBN:—
I have received and considered the ordinance creating the offices of
auditor and comptroller of public accounts, which also assigned to each
their duties. On this bill I have but few observations to make or objec-
tions to raise. But two only, both of which would be easily complied
with, the first will be found in the last clause of the fifth section. I
would suggest the propriety of striking out the last clause from the word
“provided," which is underscored to the end of the section. This clause
is in itself rather ambiguous, and if not leaving a do,or open to fraud,
will be calculated to excite jealousy and suspicion. All money drawn
from the treasury should be subject to the same routine; and the proper
guards and checks interposed to detect fraud, and no
branch of the Gov-
ernment should retain exclusive privileges in such matters.
For if no
other injuries should result, it would at least have a tendency to produce
complexity and a confusion in the office.
The other amendment which I wish to suggest, is only for the purpose
of evading ambiguity, and that the matter be plainly understood; which
by continuing the ninth section by adding the words, “After the claim
has once been adjudicated and filed” which would show that it was in
compensation for extra labor.
I also transmit to you various resolutions, &c. which I have signed,
and where necessary, complied with. The resolution to correspond with
(712)