Proceedings of the General Council.
167
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
December 30th, 1835. j
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday’s proceedings being read,
The following accounts were presented and allowed, and the chairman
of the committee of finance, directed to draw orders on the Treasury for
the same in. favor of the respective individuals for their amounts, viz:
Thomas Clifton, thirty-six dollars sixty-seven cents.
James W. Robinson, for contingent expenses of the House.
Two letters from Mr. Frazier were submitted, respecting his imprison-
ment at Goliad. They were read and ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. Kerr from the committee appointed to dispose of stamp paper, re-
ported that he had disposed of the same according to the direction of
the House, and presented the receipts of the Treasurer for the same,
which report was adopted.
Mr. Clements, from the select committee to prepare an address to the
people of Texas, respecting the land offices, &c., reported progress and
asked leave to sit again, which was granted.
The Executive Secretary presented the following message from the
Governor, transmitting sundry documents from Goliad and Bexar.
Executive DEPARTMENT of Texas.
To the Honorable, the President, and
Members oj the Council.
Gentlemen:—
I hasten to lay before your honorable body such information of a pub-
lic character, as has just come to hand, you will find in it information
worthy of attention, with an admixture of private or individual senti-
ment intermixed, with insinuating aspersions, all of which I lay before
you, that you may estimate it in such a way as your honorable body may
deem it merits.
I also lay before you the regular report from the commandant at Goliad,
together with the complaints from Bexar against that officer. There
seems to be nothing specific by way of charges.
These documents, some of which require action on my part, such as
the muster roll, &c., I may soon have use for and all the returns should
be filed in my office.
I am gentlemen, your obedient servant,
HENRY SMITH, Governor.
December 29, 1835.
The communication accompanying the message from Goliad, respect-
ing a declaration of independence, was referred to the committee on state
and judiciary.
The report of subsistence, pay, &c., were referred to the committee on
military affairs.
That portion from Goliad respecting custom houses, was referred to
the committee of finance.
The communication from the commandant at Bexar, was referred to
the committee on military affairs.
(715)