Proceedings of the General Council.
169
lant conduct in taking Bexar, entitles Captain Cooke to our most re-
spectful consideration.
On motion of Mr. Royall, the committee on state and judiciary, were
instructed to make inquiry and report to the House, respecting the two
per cent, charged on land sales at Nacogdoches.
The report of the committee on state and judiciary, on certain com-
munications from Nacogdoches, &c., was taken up, and together with the
resolutions were adopted.
The Governor returned approved, an ordinance and decree for ap-
pointing collectors of public dues.
Mr. Barrett presented an ordinance and decree requiring stamp officers
and receivers to make returns and settle with the collectors.
On motion, the House adjourned to seven o’clock, p. m.
SEVEN o’clock, p. 11.
The House met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Harris by leave presented an ordinance and decree for defining
the boundaries of the municipality of Harrisburg, which was read the first .
time; the rule being suspended, the ordinance was read a second and third
times, when the question was taken on its final passage, and decided in
the affirmative.
Mr. Hanks, from the committee on military affairs, made the following
report, which was read and adopted:
Your committee to whom was referred the letter of F. W. Johnson,
recommending lieutenant John Hall, and Messrs. Julien Harby, Samuel
O. Pettis, William Harper and Sydney S. Callender, stating that they
were engaged in the taking of Bexar, and entitled to great credit for
their bravery and gallant conduct during the whole engagement.
Your committee therefore respectfully recommends, that their names
be placed upon the list of applicants to fill such vacancies as may occur
in the regular army, by resignation or otherwise.
On motion, the House proceeded to the election of auditor and comp-
troller of public accounts, and collector of public dues on lands, and
first judge of Austin.
When John W. Moody, was duly elected auditor.
John H. Money, was duly elected comptroller.
Gail Borden, junior, was duly elected collector of public dues on lands,
for the department of Brazos.
Arthur Henry was duly elected collector for the department of Nacog-
doches.
George Ewing was duly elected first judge of the municipality of Aus-
tin.
The resolutions of a public meeting of the citizens of Jackson, recom-
mending a declaration of independence, were submitted and referred to
the committee on state and judiciary.
On motion, the House adjourned till nine o’clock to-morrow morning.
(717)