170
Proceedings of the General Council.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
December 31st, 1835.	)
nine o’clock, a. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday’s proceedings being read,
Mr. Clements, from the select committee appointed for that purpose,
made the following report, which was read and adopted:
The .special committee of three, who were appointed to draft an ad-
dress to the people, in which should be set forth the reasons why the
General Council have hot opened the land offices; and at the same time,
to satisfy every settler and emigrant, that his landed interest is and shall
be protected by the Provisional Government of Texas, beg leave to re-
port as follows:
1st The third act of the organic law declares that no law shall be
passed, except the emergency of the country requires it.
2d. The fourteenth article of the organic law declares, that the land
offices shall remain closed, until they can be systematized by competent
authorities to be hereafter established.
3d. The fifteenth section of the organic law declares, that all persons
who have emigrated to Texas, or who may emigrate during the present
conflict for constitutional liberty, and perform the duties of citizens,
shall be entitled to the benefits of the colonization laws, under which
they emigrated or such laws as may be in force, at the time of their emi-
gration.
Your committee would therefore recommend to every citizen who has
not received lands, in accordance with the colonization laws under which
they emigrated, and to those who are now emigrating, or who
may hereafter emigrate, to select and settle themselves upon
any vacant lands of Texas, until. the Land Office can be sys-
tematized, and surveys of their lands made, and titles to the same given.
At the same time settling themselves at suitable distances from each
other, so that no difficulty may hereafter occur in surveying their lands,
or giving titles to the same.
And further, that the General Council pass no law that will impair
the just and legal contracts and obligations made and entered into by
empresarios or commissioners, with actual settlers or emigrants; but abide
by, and conform to the provisions of the organic law, made by the con-
vention in all their acts and proceedings, touching the land offices, or the
rights of settlers and emigrants.
If the above report should be adopted by the honorable the General
Council, your committee would respectfully recommend the adoption of
the following resolution:
Be it resolved by the General Council of the Provisional Government
of Texas, that the Governor be required to have published three times, in
the Telegraph at this place, and the newspaper published at Nacogdoches,
the accompanying address to the people.
Be it further resolved, that John Forbes and Arthur Henrie of Nacog-
doches be authorized to procure the publication of three hundred copies
of the address to the people respecting land offices, in hand bill form, and
distribute two hundred of them in that department, and forward one
hundred to this Government; and that said Forbes and Henrie be author-
(718)