Proceedings of the General Council.
171
ized to draw on the receiver of public monies, for the expense of publica-
tion.
Mr. Royall from the select committee, to whom was referred an ordi-
nance and decree, regulating the Treasury, &c., reported an ordinance
and decree for the better accommodation of claims against the treasury,
which was read the first time and ordered to a second reading to-morrow.
Mr. Kerr presented the account of J. S. Menifee & Co. for articles
furnished John W. Moore, contractor for the volunteer army, for one
hundred and twenty-four dollars, eighty-seven cents, which was allowed
, and the chairman of the committee of finance directed to draw an order
in his favor, upon the treasurer for that amount.
On motion of Mr. Royall, a committee of two were appointed to wait
on Colonel Ward, from Georgia, and request him to communicate with
the Council respecting his views, in volunteering, &c. Messrs. Royall
and Kerr were appointed the committee.
Mr. Royall introduced Col. Ward, who communicated his intentions,
and that of his companions in volunteering to aid Texas.
On motion, the House adjcurned till three o’clock, p. m.
THREE O’CLOCK, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Parker presented the. following resolutions which were adopted:
Resolutions requiring the Governor to publish the ordinances and de-
crees of the Provisional Government of Texas.
Resolved, that the Governor be, and he is hereby required to have all
the ordinances, decrees and public resolutions of the Provisional Govern-
ment of Texas, immediately published in the "Texian and Emigrants’
Guide,” a newspaper published in the town of Nacogdoches, and also in
one or more newspapers published in Texas.
Resolved, that it shall be the duty of the Governor, to cause that his
■executive secretary immediately make complete transcripts of said ordi-
nances, decrees and public resolutions, and from time to time, as the work
advances, transmit the same, to the several newspapers aforesaid for pub-
lication.
Resolved, that for the expenses of such publication, funds shall be ap-
propriated in the treasury subject to the Governor’s order, through the
usual mode of settling accounts.
Mr. Barrett presented an ordinance and decree appointing collectors
of public dues, and defining their duties, which was read the first time,
and the rule suspended, and the ordinance read a second and third time,
when the question was taken on its final passage and decided in the af-
firmative.
Mr. Hanks from the committee on military affairs, made the follow-
ing report, which was read and adopted.
Your committee, to whom was referred the communication of F. W.
■Johnson to his Excellency the Provisional Governor of Texas, and trans-
mitted by him to the honorable the General Council, together with ac-
companying documents, containing a list of such articles as it stated to be
requisite for the safety, defence and actual wants of the troops at San
Antonio de Bexar, have had the same under consideration; and we would
respectfully report to the honorable the General Council. That the only
-disposition, which we could recommend of said documents, is to request
(719 )