172
Proceedings of the General Council.
his excellency the Provisional Governor, to order through his proper offi-
cers at Bexar, the captains of companies to report muster rolls of their
companies, setting forth the number of men, for what time they enlisted,,
when they enlisted, whether in the regular army or auxiliary corps, and
every thing relative to their condition and situation.
Your committee further recommends, that his excellency the Gov-
ernor, be requested to order his proper officers to report the true condi-
tion of the ordnance department at Bexar; how many pieces of artillery;,
the ammunition and supplies of said department; the tools and instru-
ments necessary for making and repairing fortifications; and everything
connected therewith.
Your committee recommends this course because it is impossible for'
the General Council to order supplies, or make provision for a garrison
or any military post, without knowing its situation and condition in every
respect.
Your committee would further suggest the propriety and necessity
of ascertaining from the officers at Bexar, or commanding officers, what
companies were at Bexar, when the place was taken, together with a mus-
ter roll of their company if it is possible to be done.
Therefore be it resolved by the General Council of the Provisional
Government of Texas, that his Excellency the Governor, be requested
to carry into effect the foregoing report; and that the secretary of the'
General Council furnish his excellency with a copy of said report, and
this resolution.
On motion the House adjourned till seven o’clock, p. m.
SEVEN o’clock, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
On motion the Council went into secret session, and after some time
spent therein the doors were opened.
On motion the House adjourned till nine o’clock to-morrow morning.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
January 1st, 1836.	}
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journals of the proceedings of yesterday being read,
Mr. Barrett, from the committee on state and judiciary, made the fol-
lowing report accompanied with an ordinance:
Report that the committee on state and judiciary affairs, to whom was
referred the letters from the committee of safety of Beaumont.
Your committee to whom was referred the letter of the committee of
safety at Beaumont, having duly considered its contents, and strongly im-
pressed with the necessity of adopting some measures as recommended in
said letters to prevent the importation or emigration of free negroes or
mulattoes into Texas; being sensible from the experience of other coun-
tries, that the residence of such free negroes and mulattoes among us,
would prove an evil difficult to be remedied should it once be tolerated.
To the slave-holder nothing could be of deeper interest than the timely
adoption of some measures that will prove effectually preventive of a
(720)