174
Proceedings of the General Council.
in charge to grand juries throughout Texas, and the Governor be and he
is hereby required to have this ordinance and decree inserted three times
in the New Orleans Bulletin.
The above report being read was adopted, and the ordinance and de-
cree was read the first time, and ordered to a second reading to-morrow.
Mr. Eoyall made a statement respecting the intention of the Creeks
to emigrate to this country; when on motion, the committee on state and
judiciary, were instructed to report instructions to our agents to the
United States, on the subject.
On motion, the House proceeded to the election of captain of cavalry
in place of John York, who declined accepting. When William G. Hill
was duly elected captain of cavalry.
The house then proceeded to elect a first lieutenant of cavalry in the
place of W. G. Hill, promoted. When McKinlock Simmons was duly
elected first lieutenant of cavalry.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, Messrs. Eoyall, Clements and McMullen,
were appointed a committee to act in conjunction with the Governor,
in procuring the attendance of absent members.
Mr. D. Parker presented his resignation as a member of this Council,
which was accepted, and the thanks of the House voted to Mr. Parker,
for his constant attention and devotion to the interests of his country
as a member of this Council.
Mr. Clements submitted a communication from Mr. Caldwell, of Gon-
zales, which was read and referred to the committee on state and ju-
diciary.
The President submitted a letter from Thomas F. McKinney, re-
specting duties, &c., which was referred to the committee on state and
judiciary.
On motion, the House adjourned till 3 o’clock, p. m.
THREE O’CLOCK, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
A quorum not being present.
On motion, the council adjourned till nine o’clock to-morrow morn-
ing.

Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
January 2d, 1836.	5
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday’s proceedings being read,
Mr. Eoyall presented the report of John W. Moore, contractor for the
volunteer army, for the purchases made by him, together with his ac-
count of money advanced, expenses, &c., which were allowed, and the
chairman of the committee of finance directed to draw in his favor upon
the treasurer, for seventy-five dollars cash, and also an order for one hun-
dred and fifty-three dollars sixty-three cents.
Mr. Malone appeared, was sworn, and took his seat as a member of this
Council from the municipality of Refugio.
(722)