176
Proceedings of the General Council.
having been assigned to our public agents to the United States of the
north, it cannot be expected that they will devote their time to instruct-
ing the Government at home; when as the agents of that Government,
they have higher and more important duties, which they are pledged to
perform abroad.
Your committee would further respectfully suggest, that if they were
disposed to listen to the projects proposed by the commissioners, in the
communications referred, the men and means for carrying these plans
into effect are wanting, and can only be obtained by the active exertions
of our public agents in the fulfilment of the duties assigned them. Al-
ready one half of the time allotted to the fulfilment of the trust com-
mitted to them is expired, and no efficient measures, seem to have been
adopted, for even opening a communication with those sources from
which our aid is expected through their negotiation.
Your committee therefore advise that the Governor be requested im-
mediately to communicate instructions to the said commissioners, as to
the necessity of proceeding with all possible despatch to such points in
the United States of the north, as shall enable them with the greatest
certainty to effect the objects of their mission. And that he instruct
them as soon as possible to forward supplies to the regular army to the
port of Copano or the nearest point thereto, which prudence or safety
may suggest. And that they be further instructed by the Governor in
such a manner as shall best conform to the arrangement of the present
campaign against the enemy, adopted by the Provisional Government;
to direct the transmission of munitions of Avar and supplies to carry the
same into effect, and to keep the Government regularly advised of all
their proceedings, and the prospect of their final success,
Your 'committee further report to this honorable House that they
have received information to be relied upon of contemplated arrange-
ments being entered into between certain citizens of Texas and a large
body of Creek Indians of the United States of the North, for selling
lands to and locating said Indians within the territories of Texas; a
course dangerous to the country and in the highest degree criminal and
unpardonable on the part of those engaged in this wicked enterprize.
Your committee therefore advise on this subject, that the Governor
instruct our said commissioners, to remonstrate with the government of
the United States of the North, against permitting the Indians to enter
into our territories, for the purpose of settling among us, as calculated
to increase the dangers and troubles in which we are now involved, strug-
ling for our very existence with a gigantic power, and harrassed by the
almost daily depreciations of Indians already within our borders; and to
appeal to the justice, the magnanimity and sympathies of our northern
brethren, to prevent such an accumulation of etuis and horrors, upon our
devoted land.
Your committee therefore advise the adoption of the following reso-
lutions:
1. Resolved, that the Governor he requested to communicate instruc-
tions to Stephen F. Austin, William H. Wharton and B. T. Archer,
agreeably to the views and principles, laid down in the foregoing report,
together with the report and accompanying resolutions, and such ad-
ditional instructions as the exigencies of the case may seem to require.
( 724)