Proceedings of the General Council.
177
2.	Resolved, that the Governor be requested to open a correspondence
with such persons in Nacogdoches as will be likely to disclose the names
of those citizens of Texas engaged in the negotiation with the Creek In-
dians, the extent to which the same has already been carried, and its
nature, and the object thereby intended, and that he lay the same before
the Council as soon as possible together with his own views upon the
subject.
3.	Eesolved, that a copy of the foregoing report, and resolutions, sign-
ed by the President and secretary of this House be sent to his Excellency
the Governor.
D. C. BARRETT, Chairman.
January 2d, 1836.
Mr. Hanks, from the committee on military affairs to whom was re-
ferred certain communications from Goliad, reported progress, and asked
leave to sit again, which was granted.
The President submitted a communication from F. W. Johnson, com-
mandant at Bexar, acknowledging the receipts of the address and resolu-
tions of the Council, respecting the storming of Bexar, which was ord-
ered to be placed on file.
The President submitted several communications from Goliad, re-
ceived by express. Those respecting the organization of volunteers, and
the commissary at Goliad, were referred to the committee on military
affairs.
The proceedings of the court of inquiry, &c., were referred to the
committee on state and judiciary.
Mr. Kerr presented a communication from Ira Westover, respecting
the situation of the South Western frontier, which was referred to the
committee on military affairs.
Mr. Kerr presented an ordinance and decree defining the boundaries
of the municipality of Jackson, which was read the first time, and post- ■
poned till the fourth day of July next.
Mr. Thompson, from the select committee, to whom was referred the
account of William McDermott, made report, recommending that an
order be drawn on the Treasurer in favor of said McDermott, by the
chairman of the committee of finance, in the sum of one hundred and
twenty-two dollars, sixty-five cents; which report was adopted, and the
chairman of the committee of finance, directed to draw said order for
the aforesaid amount, in favor of William McDermott.
The following accounts were presented and allowed, and the chair-
man of the committee of finance directed to draw orders in favor of the
respective individuals for their several amounts, upon the Treasurer, viz:
Mariano Cavero, fourteen dollars, contingent expenses of the House.
Joseph Doan, fifty-eight dollars.
B.	C. Wallace, eight dollars.
Mr. Royall presented the following resolution, which was adopted:
Eesolved, that John W. Moore be allowed an additional sum of three
dollars per diem, for his services as contractor for supplies to the volun-
teer army, and that he be put upon the same footing, as to any bounty
that may be allowed to volunteers that were at the taking of Bexar.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the House proceeded to elect a clerk to the
(725)