180
Proceedings of the General Council.
the proposition of Col. Barrett is certainly very liberal, and under bet-
ter auspices, we would take great pleasure in recommending to your
honorable body to accept the proposition.
List of books recommended to be furnished.
1.	Civil law books,
Corpus Juris Civilis,
Code de Napoleon,
2.	American works,
Constitution of the United States,
Constitution of the several States,
Laws of the United States,
Kent’s commentaries,
Journal and Debates of Congress,
Life and writings of Thomas Jefferson,
History of the United States,
3.	Common law books,
Blackstone’s Commentaries,
Viner’s Abridgment,
Sidney on Government.
JOHN McCULLEN,
Chairman of Committee of Finance.
On motion of Mr. Royall, John W. Moore was discharged from any
further duties as contractor for the volunteer army, and the thanks of
the House were voted to Mr. Moore, for the prompt and efficient manner
in which he has discharged the duties of contractor.
On motion, the chairman of the committee of finance was directed to
draw an order on the Treasurer in favor of William McDermott, a
wounded soldier, the same to be deducted, from one of the orders here-
tofore given to the said McDermott.
On motion, the House adjourned till seven o’clock, p. m.
seven o’clock, p. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The President submitted the following message from the Governor,
transmitting the report of the commissioners appointed to investigate
the transactions relative to the wreck of the Hannah Elizabeth, which
was read and referred to the committee on the state and judiciary.
Executive DEPARTMENT oe Texas,
To the Honorable, the President, and
Members of the Legislative Council:
GENTLEMEN:—
I herewith transmit to you, the report of Thomas Barrett, Esq., one
of the commissioners appointed to investigate the transaction respecting
the Hannah Elizabeth, &c., &c., by which you will see, that the com-
mission has not been executed, and the reasons why it had not, your
body will therefore take such other measures as you may deem expedient.
Circumstances render it absolutely expedient that our foreign agents,
should be corresponded with immediately.—Their delays and schisms
are ruinous to our cause. What your honorable body has said on the
(728)