182
Proceedings of the General Council.
the service of Texas in one month, will give us the entire command of
the Gulf, from Matamoras to New Orleans, over our enemies.
Your committee would further recommend that measures be adopted
by the honorable the General Council, to support, sustain, and provide
for the volunteer army on their march against Matamoras; and further,,
that the Governor be requested to commission such officers, as are re-
ported to have been elected by said volunteers, or as may be reported
to him. Your committee further recommend that the sum of two thous-
and dollars be appropriated for the expenses of the expedition to Mata-
moras.
Mr. Barrett on behalf of the state committee, and committee on naval
affairs, to whom was referred the letters of Thomas F. McKinney and
McKinney & Williams made the following report:
To the Honorable, the General Council of the Provisional Govern-
ment of Texas:
Your committee to whom was referred communications from McKin-
ney & Williams and Thomas F. McKinney, will respectfully suggest to
the House their views, first in regard to the purchase of certain vessels
offered to the Government by said McKinney & Williams.
First. As regards the Schooner “William Robbins.” The subject of
this vessel has often been before the Council, and until a personal interview
of your committee with Mr. McKinney the facts had not been fully
known. It seems, however, from Mr. McKinney’s statement, that cer-
tain individuals, connected with the committee of safety of Matagorda,
before the meeting of the convention entered into an arrangement for
the purchase of this vessel as a joint property, to be used in the protec-
tion of the commerce of the country. This company drew upon Messrs.
McKinney & Williams for three thousand five hundred dollars, the price
of the vessel, but Mr. McKinney believing it were better to be placed
under the control of the Government, purchased her on his own respon-
sibility, leaving to the Government to take her or not, as they might
think expedient.
Your committee advise, that a competent agent be appointed to ex-
amine this vessel and its equipments; and if it shall appear to be a vessel
which can be put to good use in the public service, with a corresponding
price, your committee recommends the purchase.
Your committee further report: that Messrs. McKinney and Williams,
through Mr. Williams, have made a purchase of, and equipped a schooner
of about one hundred and twenty-six tons burthen, adapted to the ob-
ject of protecting our commerce against the enemy. This vessel called
the “Invincible,” is now in the bay of Galveston, and is generously offered
to the Government of Texas, by the owners, at first cost and charges.
Your committee are clearly of opinion that every possible effort should
be made to protect our own commerce, and to embarrass and destroy
that of the enemy; and by the plan contemplated for the future opera-
tions of the army, both the munitions of war and supplies must be
transported by water, consequently, a sufficient naval force is indis-
pensable for giving certainty and effects to the objects of our future cam-
paign as intended; and this naval preparation must be speedily made.
Your committee therefore advise that a suitable agent be appointed to
examine the schooner “Invincible” and her equipments, and if suited
( 730 )