Proceedings of the General Council.
183
to the objects of cruizing in the Gulf, or about our coasts that an im-
mediate purchase be made of the vessel of Messrs. McKinney & Williams
upon such terms'as the future means of the country will justify.
Your committee also advise the necessity of adopting an immediate
system of officering and manning such vessels, as may belong to the
public service; and that inasmuch as no system of regulating naval opera-
tions has ever existed in Texas, and time and circumstances render it
utterly- impossible to form and arrange one adapted to our necessities
in season to give effect to our present operations; it is recommended
that the naval system as adopted and practised in the United States
of the north, regulate the proceedings of this department of our defence
in Texas. Your committee also advise that in the event of purchasing
the vessels aforesaid, the Governor be directed to communicate the same
to our public agents in the United States of the north, that their pur-
chases of vessels for public service may be regulated accordingly.
The report was read and adopted, and was accompanied by an ordi-
nance, which was read the first time, and the rule suspended, and read a
second time, and ordered to lie on the table until to-morrow.
On motion, the House adjourned till nine o’clock to-morrow morning.
.Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
January 4th, 1836. j
nine o’clock, a. m.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
A quorum not being present,
On motion, the House adjourned till three o’clock, p. m.
THREE O’CLOCK, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday’s proceedings being read,
Mr. Tucker from Tenehaw presented his certificate of election, was
sworn and took his seat as a member of this Council.
Mr. Clements presented the petition of Hendrick Arnold, for losses
sustained at Bexar, which was read and referred to the committee of
finance.
The President submitted a communication from J. W. Moody respect-
ing the pay of volunteers, &c., which was read and referred to the com-
mittee on state and judiciary.
The executive secretary presented the following message, accompanied
by several communications, which were read.
Executive Department of Texas.
7o the. Honorable, the President, and members of the Council:
GENTLEMTN—
I wish as soon as practicable to make out the correspondence to our
foreign agents. Your honorable body have ably performed your duties
in that respect, which has been transcribed preparatory. What I now
ask of your honorable body is, to be furnished with all the correspond-
(731)