Proceedings of the General Council.
185
time of war. To this end such an office was created by the Provisional
Government of T’exas, and as a suitable individual to fill this highly im-
portant’and honorable post, this House determined upon Thomas P. Mc-
Kinney to become the head of this department and accordingly so ap-
pointed him. Your committee cannot but regret the reluctance of Mr.
McKinney to accept the trust, and therefore advise that he be requested,
under all the circumstances connected with the present situation of Texas,
to accept his commission, or to act as a special agent of the Government
in performing the duties of that department, until some other suitable
individual shall be known, who will relieve him of the duties.
As regards the communication concerning General Mexia, your com-
mittee do not incline to censure any of the proceedings of this body, in
relation to him, acting as they did, from information received at different
times, showing indecision in the character and determination nf General
Mexia, and hearing his conduct complained of, by those who had been
under his command, every action of this House in relation to this matter,
has resulted from a sense of duty to the country. But your committee
are clearly of opinion, that the declaration of November the seventh, and
organic law, -which constitutes the basis of the "Provisional Government”
of Texas, and the solemn obligations of the members who compose that
Government to sustain its principles, in spirit and in letter, are funda-
mental principles that must be observed, as well for the present safety of
our citizens, and future hopes of security to the country, as for the con-
scientious fulfilment of the duties they assume. And whatever may be
the private feelings in regard to any other policy, all attempts to. sustain
principles, and carry into effect plans, differing from that already adopted,
would be in the minds of your committee in the highest degree criminal,
in any officer, who has assumed the responsibilities of acting under its
provisions and directions. Our course therefore is a plain one, while sup-
porting the republican principles of the constitution of 1824, which places
us as one of the belligerents in a civil war, we are required to co-operate
and act in concert with all Mexican citizens, also favorable to the con-
federation, and opposed to the central form of Government, in doing this
we fulfil a paramount duty, and pursue the dictates of the clearest policy
for sustaining Texas in her present dangerous' conflict.
D. C. BARRETT,
Chairman of Committee on State and Judiciary.
Council Chamber, San Felipe.
January 3, 1836.
The .same committee through their chairman, Mr. Barrett, also made
the following report, which was read and adopted:
To the Honorable, the General Council of the Provisional Govern-
ment of Texas:
GENTLEMEN:—
Your committee on state and judiciary, to whom was referred the letter
of Captain E. Hall, a special agent of this Government in the United
States of the north, report to this Council the following, as a suitable an-
swer, and which is submitted to their consideration, to be signed by the
President and secretarv, and sent to Captain Hall.
D. C. BARRETT, Chairman.
( 733 )