Proceedings of the General Council.
189
said committee adopted yesterday, which were read and ordered to lie on
the table.
On motion of Mr. .Royall, the ordinance and decree for the better ac-
commodation of claims on the treasury, was taken up and read a second
time and postponed till to-morrow.
On motion the House adjourned till nine o’clock to-morrow morning.
COUNCIL Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
January 5th, 1836. j
nine o’clock, a. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday’s proceedings being read,
Mr. Kerr presented the account of John H. Money, for commission on
money on public lands, seventeen dollars and forty-one cents, which was
allowed, and the accounting officers, directed to draw for that sum to be
paid out of the monies appropriated for contingent expenses of the House.
On motion of Mr. Kerr, the chairman of the committee of finance was
directed to take up the draft given B. C. Wallace, and give a draft for
eight dollars, to be paid out of funds appropriated for contingent expenses,
of the House.
Mr. Thompson submitted the discharge of Alexander Abrahams, one
of the New Orleans volunteers, who was wounded at Bexar, which was
read and ordered to lie on the table.
The president submitted the petition of T. Jefferson Chambers, for
authority to raise an army or reserve for the protection of the liberties of
Texas, which was read and referred to a select committee of three, con-
sisting of Messrs. Barret, Royall and McMullen.
Mr. Hanks called up the resolution, of the military committee, respect-
ing an expedition to Matamoras, and offered a resolution, which was read
and the whole laid upon the table until this afternoon.
On motion, the House adjourned till three o’clock, p. m.
THREE O’CLOCK, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The President submitted several letters recommending P. S. Wyatt and
A. B. King of Alabama, who have volunteered their services in the cause
of Texas, which were read and ordered to be placed on file.
On motion of Mr. Clements, the accounting officers were directed to
take up the orders drawn in favor of Juan Cassilas, Manuel De Lias, Ig-
nacio Cuillar, Juan Dose Cassillas, and give new orders for the same
amounts, to be paid out of the first monies in the treasury, not other-
wise appropriated.
Mr. Collard, from the municipality of Washington, was sworn and took
his seat as a member of this Council.
On motion of Mr. Hanks, Mr. Tucker was appointed on the state and
judiciary committee.
On motion of Mr. Hanks, Mr. Collard was appointed on the naval com-
mittee.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, Mr. Malone was appointed on the state and
judiciary committee.
47 —VOL. 1.
(737)