190
Proceedings of the General Council.
Mr. Hanks presented a resolution instructing the committee on the
state and judiciary, to enquire into the expediency of opening and organ-
izing the courts of justice, &c., which was adopted.
Mr. Barrett presented the account of D. B. Friar, superintendant of
rangers, appointed by a former Council; which was referred to a select
committee of two, consisting of Messrs. Thompson and West.
On motion, the House adjourned till seven o’clock, p. m.
SEVEN O’CLOCK, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The President submitted several letters recommending John F. Ward
and J. M. Chadwick, volunteers from the United States, which were read
and ordered to be placed on file.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, a select committee of two was appointed, to
wait on Messrs. Fannin and Johnson, with the resolutions respecting an
expedition to Matamoras, and learn their views respecting the same.
Messrs. Clements and Barrett were appointed on that committee.
Mr. Hanks from the committee on military affairs, to whom was re-
ferred certain communications from Goliad, reported progress, and asked
and obtained leave to sit again.
The President submitted a letter from General Houston, recommend-
ing Wyatt Hanks for the appointment of sutler in the Texian army,
which was read and referred to the committee on the state and judiciary.
Mr. Royall presented the following resolution, which was read and
adopted.
Resolved, that the commandant of the post of Bexar be, and he is
hereby authorized to dispose of such public property as is not needed for
the support of the post on the best terms possible, and apply the proceeds
of the same for the benefit of the post.
Mr. Hanks from the committee on military affairs, reported an ordi-
nance to amend the ordinance for raising a legion of cavalry, which was
read the first time, and ordered to a second reading to-morrow.
On motion, the discharge of Alexander Abrahams was taken up and
considered.
Mr. Thompson presented a certificate from Doctor Pollard, surgeon of
the volunteer army, respecting the wounds of Mr. Abrahams, and on mo-
tion the account was allowed, together with two months additional pay at
twenty dollars per month.
The ordinance and decree to prevent the importation and emigration
of free negroes and mulattoes, was taken up and read a second time; the
rule of the House was suspended and the ordinance read a third time,
when the question was taken on its final passage, and decided in the af-
firmative.
The Executive secretary presented, approved by the Governor, “An
ordinance and decree for the relief of McKinney & Williams,” also “a
resolution requiring the committee of finance to act as comptroller pro
tem. whenever that office is vacant.”
The ordinance and decree authorizing the purchase of certain armed
vessels of McKinney & Williams, and regulating the navy service, was
taken up and read the third time, when the question was taken on its
final passage and decided in the affirmative.
(738)