192
Proceedings of the General Council.
to.be considered as cash paid by said troops for such articles, as they
may wish to purchase, to that amount for which Government may be
indebted to them for their services, in all cases taking sufficient vouchers
from said troops. Provided, that said commandant shall not dispose of
any public property that will be necessary for the use of the army.
Your committee would further recommend to the Honorable the Gen-
eral Council, to request his Excellency the Governor, to order troops
to the relief of the Commandant of Goliad, and further, should Captain
P. Dimit resign the command which he now holds at the fort of Goliad,
that he be and is hereby requested to make out a complete muster roll and
army report to the Provisional Government, of the troops, their names,
and every thing connected with the situation of said fort; the quantity of
provisions and ammunition; and also the officer whom he leaves in com-
mand. Your committee would further recommend the adoption of the
following resolutions:
Resolved, By the General Council of the Provisional Government of
Texas, that his Excellency the Governor be, and he is hereby required
to correspond with the Commandant at Goliad, P. Dimit, as to the course
recommended in the foregoing report by your committee, and to give
such instructions as may be necessary to keep possession of said post.
Resolved, further, That a certified copy of the foregoing report and
resolutions, be furnished by the Secretary to the Governor, to be for-
warded to P. Dimit, Commandant at Goliad.
James Bowie exhibited to the Council, orders from the Commander
in Chief of the Army, to proceed against Matamoras, and took leave of
the Council for his departure.
On motion of Mr. Hanks, a committee was appointed, consisting of
Messrs. Hanks and Kerr, to wait on Mr. Bowie and request of him a
copy of his orders for the expedition to Matamoras.
Whereupon the said committee obtained leave of the House and re-
tired to execute the duties assigned them.
On motion of Mr. Royall, the Auditor and Comptroller are requested
to draw on the Treasurer, in favor of John H. Money, for fourteen dol-
lars, to be paid out of the funds appropriated for the contingent ex-
penses of this House, being the sum advanced by him to the Courier
from Goliad.
On motion, the House adjourned till three o’clock P. M.
three o’clock, P. M.
The House met pursuant to adjournment.
The Executive Secretary presented the following message from the
Governor, which was read.
Executive DEPARTMENT of Texas.
To the Honorable, the President, and Council:
Gentlemen:—
I made a call on your honorable body, to know if an express could be
immediately sent to New Orleans, with dispatches to our agents. This
I deem absolutely necessary, for reasons before given. Will you please
inform me on that subject. I have ordered the Commander-in-Chief
to establish his headquarters on the frontier, to concentrate all the troops
(740)