Proceedings of the General Council.
193
in Texas, and occupy the most eligible points to afford protection, and
keep the enemy in check, and to have every thing in a state of prepara-
tion for active operations, at the earliest possible day. I have been in-
formed that Messrs. McKinney and Williams have received an armed
vessel, which is now in our waters; before writing to our agents, I would
like to know whether she is intended for the Government or not, and all
the particulars connected therewith, in order that I may advise our
agents particularly on that subject.
I am respectfully, &c. &c.
HENRY SMITH, Governor.
January 6, 1836.
On motion of Mr. Clements, the Auditor and Comptroller were re-
quired to draw on the Treasurer in favor of J. H. Holman, for six dol-
lars, there being an error in the draft heretofore drawn in his favor, upon
his account, and discharge heretofore allowed and filed.
On motion of Mr. Royall, the instructions heretofore given by the
previous Council, to T. F. McKinney, to obtain a loan, were referred
to the committee on the State and Judiciary.
A letter from T. F. McKinney, consenting to act as the special agent
of the Government, in procuring supplies, &c., for the army, was pre-
sented by Mr. Clements, read and referred to the committee on State
and Judiciary.
Mr. Hanks, from the select committee appointed to wait on James
Bowie, to obtain a copy of his orders, reported and presented a copy
of the same, which was ordered to be filed.
Mr. Thompson, from the select committee appointed to investigate
the account of D. B. Friar, presented the following report, which was
read and adopted.
The special committee to whom was referred the account of D. B.
Friar, superintendent of the ranging corps, as ordered by the permanent
Council, have had the same under consideration, and beg leave to report,
as follows. Ten dollars to be deducted from said account for sending an
express, and also ten dollars for shoeing horses; the balance of the ac-
count your committee would recommend to the Honorable the General
Council to receive, as your committee find nothing incorrect in it.
Your committee further recommends, that the quantity of corn, to
wit: thirty-one bushels, and ammunition and provisions, &c., yet on hand,
be used by the rangers who are now in the service, until the regular corps
of rangers can be raised and organised for the protection of the frontier,
and if any should remain, at that time, it can be disposed of, and the
proceeds thereof paid over to the Government; and that two pack horses
be continued in the service as aforesaid, when they can be disposed of,
as before mentioned, by order of the Government.
A. THOMPSON, Chairman.
On motion of Mr. Clements, it was ordered, that Captain P. Dimitt be
advised, by express, or otherwise, that the Government has paid fourteen
dollars to redeem a horse pledged by his express rider for that sum, and
that Captain Dimitt shall retain in his hands fourteen dollars of said ex-
press rider’s pay, or otherwise secure the same amount, and also to hold
the said express rider responsible for any other property belonging to the
(741)