Proceedings of the General Council.
195
miles for each day allowed to be audited and settled as provided in other
cases of claims connected with the volunteer army aforesaid.
Be it further resolved. That all volunteers who turned out for the pur-
pose of aiding the citizen army before Bexar, upon the call made by the
Provisional Government, through their agents, appointed by resolutions
passed the 10th day of December, 1835, shall be entitled to the same
pay and allowance for mileage, going and returning, as is given and
allowed by the first section of those resolutions; and to be in the same
manner audited and settled.
Be it further resolved, That the Auditor shall be empowered, and he
is hereby empowered, when required by any claimant, or when in his
own opinion it may be necessary for doing justice, to call witnesses before
him, by subpoena, and on neglect or refusal of any witness to obey such
subpoena, to issue compulsory process, to bring such witness or wit-
nesses before him, to give testimony on oath, which he is empowered to
administer, touching the matter under investigation; and if such wit-
ness or witnesses shall refuse to testify, he, she, or they, shall be fined,
in any sum not exceeding the amount claimed in the case wherein he,
she, or they are called to testify. And all and every Sheriff, deputy
Sheriff, or other ministerial officer of Texas, shall be compelled to exe-
cute any process issued and directed to them, or either of them, by the
Auditor relating to witnesses, under the same pains and penalties, in case
of refusal or neglect as could be inflicted, in case of refusal or neglect to
execute any process issued to him or them from any Court, Judge, or
other Judicial officer of Texas.
The committee on State and Judiciary, also, made the following re- .
port, which was read and adopted.
To the Honorable the President and General Council of the Pro-
visional Government of Texas.
Your committee to whom was referred the proceedings of the Court
of Enquiry, held in the town of Goliad, to investigate certain charges
preferred against Hugh McDonald Frazier, beg leave respectfully to re-
port: That they are at a loss to conjecture for what purpose the docu-
ment referred could have been sent to this Council, or what action it is
contemplated this House can have upon it. Can .it be expected that
this House is to pronounce upon the case there set forth? Proper tri-
bunals have been created, both civil and military, whose province it is
to hear and determine these matters. True, it appears from the testi-
mony in the case, that Frazier’s conduct in regard to the plugs of tobacco,
&c., is very reprehensible, but is it to be expected that this house is to
take cognizance of all petit larcenies and thefts, committed in the army
or elsewhere? If the House receive and consider communications of this
kind, and waste their time, so precious to the country, in its present em-
barrassments, in giving countenance and ear to matters so totally foreign
to the objects of its organization, and so far without its sphere of action,
we cannot hope to meet the expectation of our constituents whose inter-
ests we are appointed to guard.
Your committee with all deference and respect to this honorable body,
would further say, that they are equally at a loss to conceive what report
the House could have expected of them on the matter referred, or for
what purpose it was committed to them. Were the house to act on such
matters only, so far as they require acting upon, your committee are well
( 743 )