Proceedings of the General Council.
199
officers shall be made, agreeably to the law regulating the auxiliary vol-
unteer corps, as referred to in section first of these resolutions.
Sec. 5th. Be it further resolved, &c., That after the agent of the
Government aforesaid, J. W. Tannin, shall have so raised, collected, and
concentrated the said volunteer troops, that he shall make a descent upon,
Matamoras, if he deems it practicable to take said place, or such other
point or place, as the said agent may deem proper.
Sec. 6th. Be it further resolved, &c., That the aforesaid agent, J. W.
Fannin, shall be authorized and empowered to appoint such special agent
or agents under him, as he shall deem necessary to carry into effect the
object of these resolutions, and to delegate to such special agent or agents,
such powers in writing as he may think proper and not ineonsistont with
the powers of his own agency.
Sec. 7th. Be it further resolved, &c., That J. W. Fannin shall be fur-
nished with a copy of the foregoing report and resolutions, duly certi-
fied, immediately upon their passage.
On motion, the House adjourned till three o’clock, p. m.
THESE O’CLOCK, P. N.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
On motion of Mr. Royall, an allowance of one hundred dollars was
made to G.' Logan, who was wounded at Bexar, independent of what he
may be entitled to for his monthly services.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, Mr. Burnham was placed on the committee
of finance.
Mr. Barrett, on leave of the House first obtained, offered a resolution,
in addition to the resolution, giving instructions to McKinney and Wil-
liams, for negotiating a loan, which was unanimously adopted.
Mr. Barrett, on leave of the House, from the select committee to
whom was referred the proposition of T. J. Chambers, for raising an
army of reserve for the protection of the liberties of Texas, reported an
ordinance and decree which was read, and on motion of Mr. Hanks, the
report was. adopted; the rule of the House was then dispensed with, and
the ordinance and decree was read a second time.
On motion, the rule of the House was further suspended, and the or-
dinance read a third time, and the question taken on its final passage,
which being decided in the affirmative, it was ordered that the said ordi-
nance and decree pass, and that the title be as aforesaid.
On motion of Mr. Barrett it was ordered, that the committee on Naval
affairs, be required to examine into the expediency of retracting all let-
ters of marque and reprisal heretofore granted by this Council.
And on motion of Mr. West,,Mr. Barrett was added to said committee,
for this special case.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the disposition made by the House, of
“An Ordinance and decree, to amend an ordinance and decree for aug-
menting the regular army of Texas, and for raising a Cavalry corps,” in
the forenoon, was reconsidered, and again taken up; when Mr. Kerr
moved to strike out part of the third section, which motion was rejected,
and an amendment offered by Mr. Clements, by adding a seventh section;
which was adopted. And on motion, the said ordinance and decree was
read a third time, and the question being taken on its final passage, it
(747)