Proceedings of the General Council.
203
sequence of which, himself and family have been deprived of every means
of support, and are thrown upon the generosity and justice of the coun-
try, while he is now confined in Bexar, with several wounds inflicted by
the enemy, while he was fighting in his country’s cause.
Your committee have no hesitation in saying that the bounty of the
country is demanded, as an act of justice to a brave man, from the
Government; and therefore advise the adoption of the following resolu-
tion:
Be it resolved, that a gratuity or an allowance of one hundred and fifty
dollars be made and given to Erastus Smith and his family, and that the
auditor be directed to draw a draft to this effect upon the Treasurer,
specially stating that the same is be paid from the first monies that
come into the Treasury, not otherwise specially appropriated, and
that a copy of this report and resolution be immediately given to said
Smith., through some members of his family.
JOHN McMULLEN, Chairman.
Mr. McMullen, from the same committee, also made the following
report; which was read and adopted:
The committee of finance, to whom was referred the letter of the
chairman of the committee of safety of Matagorda, have examined the
same, and beg leave to report to the House, that your committee know
nothing of said order, as no order has been been received or seen by your
committee: neither are there any vouchers or satisfactory evidence ac-
companying said letter.
Your committee further states to the House, that the Government has
not means to meet said demand, even if there was an order, and that ac-
companied by sufficient vouchers.
JOHN McMULLEN, Chairman.
Mr. McMullen, from the same committee, also made a report on the
subject of Thomas Bray’s accounts; which was ordered to be filed.
Mr. Barrett obtained leave of the House to introduce an ordinance
and decree, authorising and empowering Thomas F. McKinney and
Samuel M. Williams, of the firm of McKinney & Williams, to effect a
loan for one hundred thousand dollars, and for other purposes, to be
considered as enrolled; which was read the first time and the rule of
the House suspended, when it was ordered to a second reading, which
being done, on motion, the rule of the House was further suspended, and
said ordinance and decree were read a third time; when the question was
taken on its final passage and decided in the affirmative. It was then
ordered that said ordinance and decree do pass, and the title thereof be
as aforesaid.
Mr. Barrett, chairman of the committee on the state and judiciary, to
whom was referred the following letter from T. F. McKinney, made a
report, which was read and adopted.
(751)