204
Proceedings of the General Council.
San Eelipe de Austin, )
January 5th, 1836. S
To the Honorable President and members of the General Council:
Gentlemen:
I have no hesitation in agreeing to act in the capacity indicated in your
ordinance of the 3d inst., as special agent to procure supplies for the sup-
port of the army, until a suitable person be appointed to discharge those
duties. I am from this time forward prepared to receive your orders and
instructions on the subject, with a request that you be generally as ex-
plicit as possible.
I am very respectfully, &c.,
thomas F. McKinney,
To the Honorable the General Council of the Provisional Govern-
ment of Texas:
Upon the above letter of Thomas F. McKinney, your committee on
state and judiciary, advise that the Governor be notified of the acceptance
of Mr. McKinney, as agent of the Commissary General’s Department of
Texas, and that the corresponding appointment may be made and signed
by him, by and with the advice and consent of the General Council, as
the legal authority to the said agent, and that the requisitions of the law
creating and defining the duties of the Commissary General be complied
with by the said agent, and regulate his conduct of the department, in
the same manner as if commissioned as Commissary General.
D. C. BARRETT, Chairman.
Council Hall, January 8th, 1836.
Mr. Clements, from the committee on military affairs, to whom was
referred the communication of F. W. Johnson, in regard to P. Dimitt,
reported that no action was required upon said communication; which
report was read and adopted.
Mr. Clements, from the same committee, to whom was referred the let-
ter of J. W. E. Wallace, made report, recommending to the House, the
acceptance of his resignation; which was read and adopted.
Mr. Barrett, chairman of the committee on the state and judiciary, to
whom was referred the Governor’s message, of January sixth, made the
fcllowing report; which was read and adopted:
Your committee on state and judiciary, to whom was referred the mes-
sage of his Excellency, the Governor, of the sixth instant, reports, that
they are fully aware of the necessity of speedily communicating with our
foreign agents, and giving them the additional instructions advised by
this House; and that they have consulted Thomas F. McKinney, Esq.,
who is about leaving for New Orleans, and that he agrees to carry all
dispatches from the Government to that city, under such directions as
may be given, either by himself or a responsible agent, with the greatest
possible expedition. Your committee therefore advise, that this mode
of communication. be adopted, and that the Governor be immediately in-
formed thereof, that all the necessary documents and preparations may
be made and delivered in the course of this day.
( 752) .