Proceedings of the General Council.
205
Your committee advise that the ordinance authorizing the purchase
of the vessels William Thompson and Invincible from McKinney and
Williams, being now with the Executive, no action on that part of the
message can be necessary, and recommend that a copy of this report be
forthwith made and sent to the Governor for his information and cor-
respondent action.
D. C. BARRETT, Chairman.
Council Hall, January 8th, 1836.
Mr. Hanks presented a list from T. E. McKinney, containing the names
of the volunteers who arrived on the schooners DeKalb and Louisiana;
which was ordered to be filed.
Mr. West, from the special committee appointed for that purpose,
made the following report; which was read anad adopted:
To the Honorable, the President and General Council of the Pro-
visional Government of Texas:
Your committee, appointed to dispose of a horse belonging to the Gov-
ernment, which was pledged by P. Dimitt’s express rider, and redeemed
by this Council for the sum of fourteen dollars, begs leave to report, that,
he offered said horse for sale, and sold the same at public auction in San
Felipe, on the seventh inst., to a Mr. Winburn, for the sum of thirty-six
dollars; which he has received and deposited in the Treasury, as will ap-
pear by the Treasurer’s receipt herewith returned.
C. WEST.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, Messrs. Jones and Thompson were appoint-
ed a special committee to send by express to Columbia, for two or four
reams of paper for the use of this House, and it is ordered that the audit-
or draw an order in favor of said committee on the Treasury, for fifty
dollars, to be paid out of the funds of the contingent expenses of this
House, for the purposes aforesaid.
On motion, the House adjourned until three o’clock, p. m.
THREE o’clock, p. m.
The House met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Clements presented the petition of E. W. Cullen, in behalf of
R. H. Forte, with the accompanying affidavit and account for the loss of
a horse worth one hundred dollars, and his services in the army for fifty-
five dollars; which were allowed.
On motion of Mr. Tucker, the report of the committee on finance, in
relation to John Gilbert’s account, was taken up and allowed, and it was
ordered, that the property, viz: the waggon, horses and harness on which
said claim is based, shall be the property of the Government; and Mr.
Tucker is further ordered to present on to-morrow morning, a resolution
requiring Mr. Grant to account to the Government for the same.
Mr. Tucker presented the account of Reddin Gainer, for his services
as a volunteer in the army; which was allowed, together with twenty
days, to be reckoned after the 28th day of December, 1835, for his return
home.
48—vol. 1.
(753 )