Proceedings of the General Council.
207
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
January 9th, 1836.	§
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The House met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday’s proceedings being read, Mr. McMullen, to
whom was referred the letter of M. Caldwell, made the following report;
which was read and adopted:
To the Honorable, the President and General Council of the Provis-
ional Government of Texas:
Your committee on finance, to whom was referred the communication
of Mr. Caldwell of Gonzales, respectfully report, that they have examined
the same, and approve of the drafts drawn on the Government in favor
of Dennis and Miller, for two hundred and eighty-nine dollars forty cents,
and seventy-eight dollars ninety cents, but disapprove of the former
drafts being drawn at sight, as it was not in the power of Mr. Caldwell
to know what might be the state of the Treasury, or its ability to dis-
charge the draft on its presentation. Your committee would nevertheless
advise the allowance of said drafts, placing them on the same footing
with other claims against the Government.
In regard to the situation of the mill alluded to in said communica-
tion, your committee reasonably infer from the lapse of time since the
writing of the communication, which is dated on the second of Decem-
ber, that it has before this been repaired, so as to answer the grinding
necessities of the army at Gonzales, and therefore deem it unnecessary to
advise any course in relation thereto.
JOHN McMULLEN, Chairman.
Mr. Tucker introduced resolutions in relation to John Gilbert’s wag-
gon, team and harness, pressed and taken from said Gilbert by Mr. Grant;
’ and Mr. Clements offered an amendment; which was adopted; and on
motion of Mr. Hanks, they were ordered to lie on the table.
The President presented the auditor’s report; which on motion of
Mr. Barrett, was ordered to be filed.
The committee on military affairs, to whom was referred the account
of D. B. Friar, report, “that the accounts belong to some other commit-
tee, and not the military;” which report was read and adopted.
Mr. Barrett, chairman of the committee on the state and judiciary, to
whom was referred General Houston’s letters, in relation to the appoint-
ment of Sutler, made the following report; which was read and adopted.
To the Honorable, the General Council of Texas:
Your committee on state affairs and judiciary, to whom was referred
the letter of General Sam Houston, for regulating the appointment and
duties of Sutler, &c., report, that the importance of having sutlers regu-
larly appointed for supplying the army with such articles, as are wanted
and often unprovided by Government, under army arrangements, has too
long been admitted and practised, to require proofs or admit of doubts.
In the organization of the armies of Texas, this department of the ser-
vice was no doubt contemplated, although not expressly provided for.
In as much as the Sutler provides from his own capital, there can arise
no pecuniary responsibilities to the Government, and the only require-
(755)