208
Proceedings of the General Council.
ments arc an efficient man, with the capital of sufficient means to pre-
vent the probability of any inconvenience arising in consequence of a de-
pendence upon this source for the purchase of such articles, as are usually
expected from this department in army organizations.
Your committee therefore advise the adoption of the following resolu-
tions :
“Resolutions organizing and appointing a Sutler to the army of
Texas.”
Be it resolved, that There shall be a Sutler appointed for the armies of
Terras, and that this department of the military service shall, in all re-
spects, be regulated and governed by the same rules and principles, as
govern and regulate the practice in this department in the United States
of the North.
Be it resolved, that there shall be one Sutler appointed for the armies
of Texas, whose duties shall be regulated upon the rules and practice as
directed in resolution first: Provided, that that the said Sutler shall have
power to appoint Sutlers to act under him at such points as the Gover-
nor or commanding General shall direct, and for the faithful perform-
ance of the duties of each sub-Sutler, so appointed by him, the Sutler
shall be accountable agreeably to law, as aforesaid:
On motion of Mr. Barrett, Messrs. Jones and Thompson were added
to the committee on Indian affairs.
Mr. West, of the committee on naval affairs, to whom was referred the
subject of letters of marque and reprisal, reported progress, and asked
leave to sit again; which was granted.
Mr. Thompson, from the special committee appointed to obtain paper
for the use of the House, made the following report;.which was read and
adopted:
To the Honorable, the General Council of Texas, &c:
Your committee of two, appointed specially to procure and send an
express to Columbia for paper for use of the Government, beg leave
to report, that they have endeavored to obtain horses, suitable for that
purpose, but have not been able to obtain them: Also, that they here-
with return the drafts on the Treasurer for fifty dollars, drawn to send
for said paper.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the draft drawn in favor of said committee
for fifty dollars for the purposes aforesaid, was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. Barrett presented the testimonials of James Patterson, an enlisted
soldier in the legion of cavalry, and his application for the office of
Gunner and Armorer, on board the schooner Invincible, in the-naval
department.
Ordered that his testimonials be filed.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the House adjourned till three o’clock, p. m.
THREE O’CLOCK, P. M.
The House met' pursuant to adjournment.
The communications of Hugh McDowell Brazier were taken up, and
at the suggestions of the President ordered to be filed.
( 756)