Proceedings of the General Council.
211
TEREE o’clock, P. M.
The House met pursuant to adjournment, and went into secret session.
The secret session closed, and the House adjourned till nine o’clock to-
morrow morning.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, I
January 11th, 1836. J
nine o’clock, a. M.
The House met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday’s proceedings being read, and also that of
the day previous.
Letters recommendatory of Lieutenant Francis Nevill, for a commis-
sion in the army, were presented by the President, read and ordered to-
be filed.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, Mr. Clark was received as an honorary mem-
ber of the- Council from Pecan Point, Red River, until he could produce
the testimonials of his election, Mr. Clark being unwilling- to take his
seat on any other terms.'
On motion of Mr. Royall, the House went into secret session for the
dispatch of business.
Secret session closed.
On motion of Mr. Hanks, all acts of the House done in secret session
in regard to the Governors late message, are released from the obligation
of secrecy, whereupon the following is the disclosure of the acts of the
House in secret session, in regard to the message aforesaid.
Proceedings of the House in secret session, January 10th 1836.
The House met and went into secret session for the dispatch of busi-
ness-.
The executive Secretary presented the following message- from the
Governor, and asked leave to read it himself, as enjoined upon him by
the Governor, which was denied him, and by request of the- House the
executive Secretary retired, and the message and accompanying docu-
ments were read.
Executive DEPARTMENT of Texas.
To the Honorable the President and members of the General Council.
GENTLEMEN:—
I herewith transmit to your body, the returns and correspondence of
Colonel Neill, Lieutenant Colonel Commandant of the-post at Bexar.
You will in that correspondence find the situation of that Garrison.
You will find there a detail of facts, calculated to call forth the indignant
feelings of every honest man. Can your body say that they have not
been cognizant of and connived at this predatory expedition? Are you
not daily holding conference and planning co-operation both by sea and
land? Acts speak louder than words, they are now before me, authoriz-
ing a Generalissimo with plenary powers, to plan expeditions on the
faith, the credit, and I may justly say, to the ruin of the country. You
( 759 )