214
Proceedings 'of the General Council.
try, if possible, the disorder and confusion likely to result from the course
he is pursuing.
The secret session then closed.
January 11th, 1836.
The House went into secret session for the dispatch of business.
The committee appointed yesterday to examine and consider the Gov-
ernor’s late message, &c., presented a report and resolutions thereupon,
which were read and unanimously adopted, as follows.
To the honorable the General Council of the provisional government
of Texas.
Your special committee to whom was referred the communication, of
governor Smith,
Report—That they are unable to express any other views to this House,
than indignation at language so repulsive to every moral feeling of an
honorable man, and astonishment that this community could have been
so miserably deceived in selecting for the high office of Governor, a man
whose language and conduct prove his early habits of association to have-
been vulgar and depraved, and his present disposition, that of a tyrant.
That they repel the infamous charges preferred against this Council and
its members, as false and unfounded in every part; and-contemn the style
and language as low, blackguardly and vindictive, and every way un-
worthy of, and disgraceful to the office whence it emanated, and as an
outrageous libel on the body to whom it is addressed, and therefore ad-
vise the return of the paper accompanied with the following resolutions:
E. E. ROYALL, Chairman.
ALEX'R THOMPSON,
CLAIBORN WEST,
J. D. CLEMENTS,
JOHN McMULLEN.
January 11, 1836.
1st. Resolved, That the members of the General Council, are the im-
mediate representatives of the Sovereign People; and are charged with
the safety of the country and amenable only to the people for the faith-
ful discharge of their duties.
2d. Resolved, That each member individually, and as a body collect-
ively, will sustain at all hazards the dignity of this government, and the
rights of the good citizens of Texas, whom they have the honor to rep-
resent.
3d. Resolved, That Henry Smith, Governor of the Provisional Govern-
ment of Texas, be ordered forthwith to cease the functions of his office,
and be held to answer to the General Council, upon certain charges and
specifications preferred against him, agreeably to the provisions of the
fourth section of the Federal Constitution of Mexico of 1824; and the
eleventh section of the organic law of the Provisional Government of
Texas, as adopted in convention on the thirteenth day of November,
A. I). 1835, and that a copy of said charges and specifications, be fur-
nished to the Governor, Henry Smith, within twenty-four hours from
this time.
( 762 )