216
Proceedings of the General Council.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the Lieutenant Governor, James W. Robin-
son, was sworn as acting Governor of Texas.
On motion of Mr. Clements, it was ordered, that the Secretary of the
Executive, be notified that the Lieutenant Governor has been sworn into
office as Governor, and that he be governed by his directions.
On motion of Mr. Jones, Messrs. Jones, Royall, Burnham, Tucker and
Collard, were appointed a committee to draft an address to the people of
Texas, setting forth the causes, &c., according to the report and 'resolu-
tions upon the Governor’s message and to act upon the articles of im-
peachment.	,
On motion of Mr. Royall, the House adjourned till to-morrow morning
at nine o’clock.
COUNCIL Hall, San FELIPB de Austin, )
January 12,1836.	)
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The House met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday’s proceedings being read,
The committee to whom was referred the Governor’s message of the
ninth instant, made report thereon, together with resolutions and articles
of impeachment against the Governor, and an address to the people of
Texas, all of which were adopted unanimously and ordered to be printed.
TO THE PEOPLE OE TEXAS.
When, in the execution of delegated powers, the representatives of a
Sovereign People are urged to the necessity of adopting harsh means, to
protect the interests of their country, and save her from anarchy, it be-
comes their duty to their constituents to explain to them the- circum-
stances under which they have acted, and the inefficacy of a milder
course. Under these considerations, and a full sense of the high respon-
sibility resting upon them, the representatives of the people of Texas, in
General Council assembled, chosen and delegated to guard her rights'
and interests, in her present embarrassed and critical situation, are pain-
fully compelled to disclose to their constituents and to' the world, oc-
currences as unlooked for, as they are to be deplored and regretted. In
a government like ours, formed for the present emergencies, hastily or-
ganized, and at' a time when confusion and disorder prevailed through-
out our oppressed land, it could not be expected that perfect harmony
and concord would characterize all the acts of all its departments, or en-
tire satisfaction could be given by all its legislations; but it was at least
to have been hoped, and the hope was fondly cherished by the members
of this Council, as well as by all patriots, that, by mutual compromises
and a general spirit of concession, the present necessities of our beloved
country could be answered. All immediate self-interest we endeavored
to discard; all private ambition and individual jealousies to sacrifice on
the altar of our country, and to unite in fraternal Council to promote and
advance the general weal. That this department of the government has
so far succeeded in their adherence to these principles, we appeal to our
(764 )