Proceedings of the General, Council.
217
public acts, and to all who have witnessed our deliberations. When com-
plaints have been made to us, of our acts, we have endeavored calmly
and considerately to revise our conduct, and correct, so far as we are
•able, all errors and inconsistencies. With the other department of the'
Provisional Government, we have endeavored to co-operate in the same-
spirit of concession, and allowance for all errors and misconceptions, and
to avert the present lamentable state of affairs, has been our constant and
unremitting care: but, unfortunately for the country, it was not to be
prevented. From the very organization of the government we have wit-
nessed with the deepest regret, and most painful apprehensions, the dis- ■
position of that department to abridge the powers of the General Council, .
which were designed as a check upon executive usurpation, and to as-
sume to itself the provinces of both departments. The executive has
from time to time, communicated his advice to the Council, which it has •
always received with that deference due to the Office from which it came,
and has maturely weighed and deliberated upon the same, but when the
Council has adopted the measures recommended by him in his message,
he has withheld or delayed his signature to their ordinances, or neglected
to comply with their requisitions; and at other times he has transcended
all authority, violating the organic law, framed and enacted by the peo-
ple’s own immediate representatives, in General Council assembled, and
the republican principles of the constitution of Mexico of 1824, which'
he is solemnly sworn to support; and has imputed to the Council the
evils resulting from his own acts. He has assumed the right of appoint-
ing and commissioning, and has so appointed and commissioned, private
individuals to take the command. of armies, without the consent or advice
of the Council, and in direct violation and contradiction of the organic
law of the convention, to which he owes his official existence.
After the reduction of Bexar, the volunteer troops being idle within
our boundary, numbers daily coming in to our assistance from the
United States of the North, and the country not affording the means
of supporting them, it was thought advisable by the Council and the
Governor so advised them, to keep the war without our territories, and to
have the volunteers actively and profitably employed. For that purpose
the Council authorized Colonel J. W. Fannin to enlist volunteers, hold
an election of officers; and the army when raised and organized, to make
a descent upon Matamoras, specifying the manner, and prescribing the
limits of Colonel Fannin’s actions as the agent of the Government for
that special purpose; for which they received from the Governor the
vilest and most uncouth anathema, couched in the most vulgarly abusive
language, charging them with appointing a generalissimo with plenary
powers, to conduct a plundering and marauding expedition, and wishing
to join with it a piratical co-operation; while he himself without the ad-
vice, consent, or knowledge of the Council, and plainly and palpably in.
violation of the organic law, which he is unequivocally sworn to obey,
had just given to James Bowie, not known to the government as an
officer of any rank whatever, orders, through the Commander-in-Chief,
to raise an army and proceed against Matamoras; thus endeavouring by
misrepresentations and false charges against the Council, to excite public
indignation against them, and divert if possible, their attention from his
own lawless and headlong course, trampling law under his feet disregard-
ing his official oath, and breaking up the foundations of Government.
(765 )