Proceedings of the General Council.
219
upon him, and explains the reason of all the difficulties that have oc-
curred between the two departments, as well, perhaps, as anything to
which the attention of the people can be called. Thus he concludes his
letter to General Burleson—“You will use the. following address: To
his Excellency, Henry Smith, Governor of Texas.”
Take this and compare it with that impudential document, sent by
him to disgrace the archives of your Council, his message, dated the ninth
instant, it may serve to explain. Read the message of his Excellency;
.after accusing the Council of resolving themselves into “low intriguing
caucussing parties,” for the injury of the Government, and charging
them with divers evils, which we have proved, resulted from his own acts,
..and exculpating the President of the Council, he proceeds.”
“Look round upon your flock; your discernment will easily detect the
scoundrels. The complaints, contraction of the eyes, the gape of the
mouth, the vacant stare, the hung head, the restless fidgety disposition,
the sneaking sycophantic look, a natural meanness of countenance, an
unguarded shrug of the shoulders, a sympathetic tickling and contraction
of the muscles of the neck, anticipating the rope, a restless uneasiness to
adjourn, dreading to face the storm themselves have raised.”
This is the language of the Governor in his official document in rela-
tion to the chosen delegates of a free people; but let us proceed with this
singular production of his Excellency.
“I now tell you that the course here pointed out shall be rigidly and
.strictly pursued, and that unless your body will make the necessary ac-
knowledgment to the world of your error, and forthwith proceed, and
with the same facility and publicity, (by issuing a circular, and furnishing
•expresses,) to give circulation and publicity in a manner calculated to
counteract its baleful effects, that after twelve o’clock to-morrow, all
communication between the two departments shall cease, and your body
will stand adjourned until the first of March next, unless, from the emer-
gencies of the case, you shall be convened by proclamation, at an earlier
period.”
Again he concludes by saying, “you are further notified that audience
will not be given to any member or special committee, other than in
writing.” This is the document sent to the representatives of the free
and sovereign people of Texas, by his Excellency, Henry Smith, Gov-
ernor.
We appeal to a civilized world, to know if its equal was ever issued
from an officer of such dignity, as that of a Governor of a State. By what
sort of delusion could he have been so blindly actuated, as to put forth
a document so degrading to himself, so mortifying to his countrymen
and disgraceful to the office he holds! Could his success in imposing
himself upon the people as their Governor, encourage him to attempt
the assumption of all the power, authority and dominion he now claims?
Heaven forgive his delusion! And may he learn from this act, that a
gallant people, engaged in a perilous contest for right, with a foreign
foe, cannot be thus gulled and cheated of their liberties at home, under
the immediate superintendence of their agents.
The Council met the occasion with all the calmness and. deliberation
they could muster. They endeavored to devise means to prevent this
confusion in the departments of Government; for the credit of their
•country they sought to avert it. Personal feelings and consideration
( 767)