222
Proceedings of the General Council.
Gonzales,) and directing the said commander to keep a strict eye on him,
and if he should seem not to act in good faith, to arrest him and his men,
disarm them, and hold them as prisoners of war, subject to his order; and
Second—For attempting to throw obstacles and difficulties in the way
of General Mexia, to prevent him in uniting in the general cause against
centralism, and endeavoring to thwart and prevent the General Council
from performing their duty towards General Mexia'and his men, as re-
quired of them by the second section of the declaration of the seventh
November, 1835.
And lastly, by a general, clamorous, open and vindictive opposition to
the Provisional Government, acting in any manner under the second sec-
tion of the declaration aforesaid.
CHARGE THIRD.
Specification 1st. That the said Henry Smith, Provisional Governor
as aforesaid, is guilty under this charge, by- his conduct and declarations
as set forth and stated in all the several specifications under the charges
first and second.
SPEC. 2d. That the said Henry Smith, Provisional Governor as afore-
said, did, on or about the ninth day of December, 1835, commission
Edward Burleson, a Brigadier-General of the volunteer army, without
the knowledge, advice or consent of the General Council, and on the
said ninth clay of December, 1835, addressed a letter to the said Edward
Burleson, declaring his assumption of powers, not vested in him by the
■organic law, all which will more fully appear by a copy of said letter
given as a part of this specification.
Spec. 3d. That the said Henry Smith, Provisional Governor as afore-
said, did on the evening of the tenth day of January, instant, stte that
he had been for the last two weeks constantly employed in counteracting
■the proceedings of the General Council, and that the dissolution of the
Council would be right, and not productive of injury, which declaration,
he also continues in his communication, read before the Council, on the
same day.
Spec. 4. That the said Henry Smith, Provisional Governor as afore-
said, without the advice, authority or consent of the General Council,
did on or about the ninth day of December, ultimo, extend commissions
to the following private individuals, viz: names in the possession of the
Secretary of the Executive, and out of the power of the committee to
obtain.
CHARGE FOURTH.
SPECIFICATTON 1st. That the said Henry Smith, Provisional Gover-
nor as aforesaid, has been guilty of a gross libel upon the Council as a
body, in his communication dated January 9th, 1836, by charging the
Council with resolving itself into low, intriguing, caucussing parties;
passing resolutions without a quorum, predicated upon false premises;
that he falsely and maliciously charges the Council with endeavoring
to ruin the country, by countenancing, aiding and abetting marauding
parties, and by attempting to join with it a piratical co-operation; by
charging the Council with violating their official pledges and oath; by
( 770 )