Proceedings of the General Council.
225
nimity to extend it to me. And the two branches again harmonize to
the promotion of the true interests of the country.
I am respectfully gentlemen,
Yours &c.
HENRY SMITH, Governor.
On motion, the House adjourned till three o’clock P. M.
THREE O’CLOCK, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Eoyall from the committee to whom was referred the communica-
tion of Henry Smith received this morning, presented the following re-
port, which was read and after some discussion adopted.
Your committee to whom was referred the communication of Henry
Smith, late Governor of the Provisional Government of Texas:
Report the following resolutions for adoption;
Eesolved, That this Council has received the communication in the
spirit of compromise, at too late a period to be met by that spirit of ac-
commodation offered and urged a short time since.
Eesolved, That as the slanderous communication of Henry Smith, late
Governor of Texas, has been acted upon and is now before the public, this
Council cannot, in justice to their constituents and themselves, do other-
wise than lay before the people all the facts connected with that unfor-
tunate transaction, and the motive by which this Council was actuated,
and the circumstances which compel them to adopt this course.
Eesolved, That the communication alluded to be returned together
with a copy of the charges and specifications preferred against the said
Henry Smith, late Governor aforesaid, for malfeasance and misconduct
in office, and that he be notified to reply within three days, or that the
trial will proceed thereon, before the General Council ex parte.
J. D. CLEMENTS, Chairmna.
R. R. ROYALL.
On motion the Council adjourned till to-morrow morning, at nine
o’clock.
COUNCIL Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
January 13th, 1836.	9
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The House met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday’s proceedings were read.
H. C. Hudson appeared and filed his bond with approved security, and
took the oath of office as Comptroller of the Treasury.	'
Mr. Claiborne West, a member of the Council from the municipality
of Jefferson, offered his resignation to the House, which was accepted,
and thereupon G. A. Patillo from the same municipality presented the
testimonials of his election, took the oath of office, and his seat as a
member of the Council from the same Municipality.
On motion of R. R. Eoyall, it is ordered that the resolutions of this
House, appointing Col. J. W. Fannin the agent of Governmnet, for rais-
(773)