226
Proceedings of the General Council.
ing and concentrating volunteers, and holding an election for officers
to make a descent upon Matamoras, be forwarded to the printer for pub-
lication, with the address to the people adopted yesterday.
On motion of Mr. Hanks, a committee was appointed, consisting of
Messrs. Flanks, Clements and Jones, to wait upon Governor Robinson, to
inform him that the House was in session and ready to receive any com-
munication from him; who returned in a few minutes and reported that
they had waited on the Governor, and that he returned his thanks to the
House for their polite attention, and would be ready to communicate to
them this afternoon.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the draft heretofore drawn in favor of a
special committee appointed to procure paper for the use of the House,
and was afterwards ordered to lie on the table, was taken up and placed
at the disposal of the same committee.
Mr. Thompson from the committee on finance, made the following re-
port: which was read and adopted, the resolution accompanying the same,
were ordered to lie on the table.
To the Honorable President and members of the General Council:
Your committee to whom was referred the communication of Mr. J. W.
Moody, Auditor of public accounts, have had the same under considera-
tion, and beg leave to report, that they accept the apology offered by the
Auditor for not making his report, as is required of him by the duties of
his office. And also, that they believe it necessary and expedient that a
sufficient sum be allowed him to purchase paper for the purpose of mak-
ing books of record, buying ink, quills, and other things necessary for his
office, for which purpose they would recommend the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Auditor be authorized to draw upon the Treasurer
for the sum of twenty-five dollars, out of the contingent fund to pur-
chase said article.
ALEX. THOMPSON, Chairman.
Mr. Collard presented the petition of William Burnett, together with
his discharge from the service of the volunteer army accompanying the
same, which, on motion of Mr. Barrett, were referred to a special com-
mittee consisting of Messrs. Collard and Thompson.
Mr. Collard presented the communication of F. W. Johnson, which
was read, and on motion of Mr. Hanks, was referred to the committee
on the state and judiciary.
Mr. Barrett presented the petition of J. H. Forsythe, which was read,
and on motion of Mr. Barrett, ordered, that the auditor of public ac-
counts, draw on the treasurer in favor of J. H. Forsythe for twenty-five
dollars, to be charged and deducted from what may be due him for his
services as captain in the legion of cavalry.
Mr. Jones introduced a resolution making it the order of this evening,
to elect a second judge for the municipality of Austin, which was
adopted.
Mr. Hanks presented the following resolution which was read and
adopted:
Resolved, that C. B. Stewart, secretary of the Executive, be directed to
hold no further communication, officially, with Henry Smith, late Gov-
ernor, but that he hold all, the records, papers, and archives of the
Executive office, subject to his Excellency J. W. Robinson, Lieutenant
(774)