Proceedings of the General Council.
227
Governor and now acting Governor of Texas; and that the aforesaid sec-
retary communicate officially with the said acting Governor, henceforth,
until further orders from the Government.
On motion of Mr. Hanks, it was ordered that a copy of said resolution
be furnished the said Executive secretary.
On motion of Mr. Clements, it was ordered that a copy of the laws
in relation to the collection of public dues on land be furnished to the
collectors thereof.
Mr. Clements presented the petition of G. Borden, requesting instruc-
tions in regard to his office as collector of dues on land, which was read,
and on his motion referred to the committee on the state and judiciary.
And on motion of Mr. Tucker, Mr. Clements was added to said com-
mittee for this special purpose.
On motion of Mr. Hanks, the following resolution was read and adopt-
ed, and it was also ordered that the printers be required to publish said
resolution.
Resolved, that all public printers of the Provisional Government be
notified not to print or publish any more documents of any description
upon the credit of said Government after the eleventh instant, coming in
any way from Henry Smith, the late Governor, as no- account for such
printing will be acknowledged by the General Council, and that James
W. Robinson, now the acting Governor, will be the executive medium
of communication.
On motion of Mr. Collard, the House adjourned till three o’clock, p. m.
THREE O’CLOCK, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Malone introduced an ordinance and decree changing the name
of the municipality of Refugio and for other purposes, which was read
and the rule of the House suspended, and read a second time, when the
rule was further suspended, and the ordinance read a third time, and
the question being taken on its final passage it was decided in the affirma-
tive, and it is ordered that the said ordinance and decree do pass, and
the title thereof be as aforesaid.
The Executive secretary presented the following communication from
Governor Henry Smith, which was read and referred to a special com-
mittee consisting of Messrs. Barrett, Royall and Hanks.
Executive DEPARTMENT OF Texas.
To the Honorable President and members of the Council.
GENTLEMEN:—
On the ninth instant I notified your body that as the devisors uf ways
and means, I considered you had performed all the duties incumbent on
you, contemplated by the organic law, and as such, I consider the country
would be relieved from a heavy tax by your adjournment until the first
of March. And if in the interim anv emergency should render it neces-
sary, that you could immediately be called by proclamation. On the
tenth I received notice that I was removed from office. Not by death,
inability or other casualty, but for exercising too much capacity; and
that by virtue of authoritv vested in vour body; that you had installed a
new Governor; and had created a new organization. After formally
(775 )