Proceedings of the General Council.
231
and the succession to the command of Bexar under his orders; and that
he proceed to unite with J. W. Fannin, the government agent, appointed
by resolutions of this House, duly passed and adopted. And that when
said volunteers are all concentrated as directed by the resolutions ap-
pointing J. AV. Fannin, agent, &c., a commander of the whole body be
elected under the existing laws. Before which juncture, Col. Johnson
should be authorized to hold an election by the volunteers from Bexar,
of all the requisite officers, and have the same properly certified and
reported to the General Council. And also that an election in the same
manner be had, by J. AV. Fannin, of the other volunteers, when as-
sembled and in like manner reported. And that all the candidates so
certified, as elected, shall be forthwith commissioned agreeably to law.
And that as soon as the election is over, the proper reports for operation
be made, and every action and movement made, with the same powers
and authority as if commissions were extended, with the pledge of this
government to sustain said volunteers, in all acts which they could
legally do, if their commissions were perfected.
Whereupon the following resolution is offered to the consideration, of
the House with the view of carrying the objects of the foregoing report
into effect.
Resolved, that the foregoing report be adopted by this House, as the
rule of action prescribed as there set forth, and that a copy thereof, duly
certified, be delivered to Colonel F. W. Johnson, and another so certi-
fied, sent to Col. J. W. Fannin, and that the enforcement of its objects,
will be required, in manner and form as therein expressed, in the same
manner as if the same were reduced to and passed as. a decree of the
Provisonal Government.
Resolved, that nothing contained in the foregoing report and resolu-
tion shall be so taken, as to interfere with the agency granted to J. AV.
Fannin by the Provisional Government heretofore.
Mr. Barrett, chairman of the committee on state and judiciary, made
the following report on C. B. Stewart’s communication; which was read
and adopted.
An ordinance and decree, confirming the appointment of C. B. Stew-
art, as Secretary of the Executive, and for other purposes.
Whereas, doubts have arisen as to the regularity of the appointment
of C. B. Stewart, as Secretary of the Executive, Recorder, &c., under
and by virtue of an ordinance and decree of the Provisional Government,
passed, November 24th, 1835, entitled "an ordinance and decree for
appointing a Treasurer, &c.,” and whereas the legality of his notarial
acts, as-such Secretary, are also doubted; to guard against all possibility
of uncertainty in the premises.
Section 1st. Be it ordained and decreed, and it is hereby ordained
and decreed, by the General Council of the Provisional Government of
Texas, that the appointment of Charles B. Stewart as Secretary of the
Executive and Recorder, &c., made by the General Council, on the nine-
teenth day of November, 1835, be and the same is hereby confirmed,
and all the acts of the said C. B. Stewart, as such Secretary and Recorder,
made in conformity with the law under which he has acted, are hereby
declared to be legal, and forever confirmed, to all intents and purposes,
as if there had existed no doubts, as to the regularity of his said appoint-
ment.
(779)