238
Proceedings of the General Council.
prehend necessary, will be a fair and equitable remuneration for losses
sustained by the campaign against San Antonio.
The widows and orphans of the heroic men who have fallen in battle
in the defence of the rights and liberties of the people of Texas, or died
in the service, expect you to extend a kind and parental hand for their
relief. ,
To generously reward those who nobly fall, fighting for constitutional
liberty, by wiping the tear of sorrow from the cheek of the bereaved
widow and the unprotected orphan, made so in our defence, is among
your imperative duties, and will receive, I am persuaded, your willing-
care and prompt attention.
Allow me to submit to your consideration, the necessity of providing
by law, for the protection of the vested rights and privileges of our fel-
low-citizens. who are settled, or who. have claims to lands within, or near
the settlement of the Cherokee and other tribes of Indians. And I would
also recommend the immediate appointment of a commissioner to treat
with the said Indians, to act in the place of General Sam Houston, who
is on the march of the western frontier, and cannot now meet and co-
operate with the other commissioners already appointed. I deem this an
important and necessary measure, tending to the protection and security
of the frontier settlements, by securing the friendship of the Indians, and
at the same time doing justice to our own citizens, whose rights ought to
be preserved inviolate.
On the rigorous prosecution of the war against the Centralists of Mex-
ico, with General Santa Anna for their leader, depends the safety and
happiness, the liberty, nay, the very existence of the Anglo-American
population in Texas; and their friends who have, and are co-operating
with them. Allow me to urge the immediate reduction of the town of
Matamoras, and its dependencies, together with all places on or near Rio
Grande, that would give the country immediate facilities, that will great-
ly accelerate our future operations, and put it in our power, either to
carry the horrors of war into the enemy’s country, or conclude a peace
both honorable and advantageous to ourselves; for be assured the terms
must be dictated to the enemy by the triumph of our arms. And I in-
dulge the hope that every measure calculated to promote so desirable an
object will meet with your prompt and cordial attention.
Permit me to congratulate you and the country on the union and har-
mony of your councils, that have so happily prevailed throughout your
deliberations; and it is confidently hoped that the same devotion to the
best interests of the country may continue to animate and guide you to
the termination of your arduous labors, union of councils, and a vigorous
co-operation of all parts of the country, with the able and timely aid from
our friends in the United States, have already driven the proud and vain-
glorious oppressor beyond our border, and given an earnest of what may
be expected if he has the temerity, to profane, with his unhallowed foot-
steps, the soil of freemen, the pathway that he shall be compelled to take
in his flight, will be crimsoned by the best blood of his nation, and his
funeral pile will serve as a beacon light, for future generations, to be-,
ware, how they invade the rights and privileges of the countrymen of
Washington, who like the strong man armed, they will lay hold of the
pillars of the state, and only fall, with the destruction of the temple of
freedom. That the supreme Ruler of the destiny of nations, may guide
(786)