Proceedings of the General Council.
241
used for the purpose of taking the baggage, arms and ammunition of said
volunteers as aforesaid; and for said wagon, horses and harness to be de-
livered to the agents or officers aforesaid, and the receipt of the same by
said agents or officers, to be forwarded to the Governor and Council of
.said Government.
On motion of Mr. Royall, all action of the House in regard to the
Executive Secretary, is postponed until three o’clock this evening.
On motion the House adjourned until three o’clock, p. m.
THREE o’clock, p. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Thompson from the special committee appointed to procure sta-
tionery for the use of the House made the following report which was
adopted:
To the General Council of Texas:
The special committee of two appointed to procure paper, &c., for the
use of the House, and the auditor beg leave to report,
That they have discharged that trust, and return herewith bills of said
articles, considered by them necessary, bought of Jones and Townsend,
and they have drawn on the treasurer and received and paid out for said
.articles, fifty dollars as the receipt on the bills of said articles will show.
ALEX’E THOMPSON,
B. JONES.
January 15, 1836.
The Executive Secretary appeared in compliance with the notice served
on him yesterday, and gave his reasons to the House for disobeying the
order requiring him to communicate officially with Governor J. W. Rob-
inson, the acting Governor, &c.
On motion of Mr. Collard, it is ordered, that the Executive Secretary
be required to give his answer in writing forthwith, to this House, where-
upon notice of this order, signed by the President and secretary was im-
mediately sent to C. B. Stewart, Executive secretary as aforesaid.
On motion of Mr. Barrett the accounts enclosed by the auditor on
yesterday were taken up, and on motion of Mr. Barrett, John M. White’s
account was rejected, and J. O. Blair’s allowed. And it was thereupon
ordered, that the auditor be authorized to dispose of the gun and three
horses'alluded to in his communications of yesterday.
Mr. Clements, to whom was referred the letter of G. Borden, reported
an ordinance and decree, supplemental to an ordinance and decree creat-
ing a collector and defining his duties, which was read, and,
On motion of Mr. Royall, the rule of the House was suspended, and
said ordinance and decree read a second time, and,
On motion of Mr. Hanks, the rule was further suspended, and the ordi-
nance and decree ordered to be read a third time which being done, the
■question was taken upon its final passage and decided in the affirmative,
whereupon it is ordered that the said ordinance and decree do pass and
the title thereof be as aforesaid.
On motion of Mr. Royall, the House adjourned till seven o’clock this
evening.
(789)