246
Proceedings of the General Council.
I therefore earnestly recommend to the General Council of the Pro-
visional Government of Texas, the adoption of such measures as will tend
to that end as speedily as possible.
My reasons are these,-—
-The citizens who were at Bexar, have generally returned home.
—It will harmonize the feelings and unite the people of the
First.—
Second,
country.
Third.-
Fourth.
Fifth.
-It will increase our population.
—It will increase our wealth.
-By permitting the emigrants who come into Texas, to receive
their lands as prescribed by the colonization laws, under the constitu-
tion of 1824, will prove to the world that we are not endeavoring to rob
Mexico of her lands, as has been represented to be our object.
Sixth.—We have declared in favor of the constitution of 1824, and
the colonization law, under that constitution, guarantees and secures
to every emigrant his head right to land as there set forth. These rea-
sons are sufficient to convince, I trust, every impartial and unprejudiced
person of the propriety and necessity of opening the Land Offices.
If we wish to get men to assist in protecting Texas, we should give
them such interest in the country, as to induce them to become citizens,
and they will be ready and willing, at any and all times, to defend and
protect their property, their homes and their fire sides. It is also of
the utmost importance to throw open every door and avenue, by which
capital and property of' every description will flow into the country.
We should spare no pains to increase the population and wealth of our
country, in order that the burthen and expenses of the war may be
divided and made lighter, and render those in the country who have
generously contributed their aid, more able to bear it.
Many other reasons might be offered equally as good in support of the
measure recommended in this report. Every individual must see and
feel the necessity of strengthening ourselves in every respect, and way,
and that as soon as practicable. ■
Mr. Royall presented the following resolution; which was read and
laid on the table:
Be it further resolved that Austin Brian call upon Doctor Peebles,
commissioner appointed by the 'Convention to take possession of the
land papers, and that the said commissioner be required to furnish him
such copies of papers as his petition contemplated.
The President submitted the following communication from C. B.
Stewart, Executive Secretary, in reply to the charge of contempt, and
tendering his resignation; which was read, viz:
To the President and members of the Legislative Council of Texas:
Gentlemen—
Your commands requiring me to answer to the charges of contumely
and contempt for your honorable body.in non-obedience of certain reso-
lutions, I will endeavor to comply with.
The construction which I have and am compelled to place upon the
16th article of the organic law, admits no room for me to consider the
existence of any other Provisional Government, than that created by the
superior power of the Convention; which consisting of a Governor and
(794)