Proceedings of the General Council.
249
THREE o’OLOCK, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The President. submitted a letter recommending Francis Desaugue
for a situation in the Navy; which was read and ordered to be placed
on file.
Mr. Thompson introduced the following resolution; which was read
and adopted:
Resolved by the General Council of Texas, that the Sheriff of each
municipality be, and is hereby required, and it is made his duty to take
charge of all public property belonging to the State, such as horses,
oxen, &c., in his municipality; and such as are in a wasting or losing,
condition, he shall sell out at public auction, giving a reasonable notice
thereof; and all monies collected by such sales shall be by him paid
over to the collector of public accounts: Also, to make a true and cor-
rect return to every court, stating the amount of money in his hands,
what he may have paid over, and what property still remains in his.
charge. And that he be allowed for his services, ten per cent. ■ on all
monies so paid over by him.”
Mr. Jones informed the Council that another member from the mu-
nicipality which he represents was in town, and asked leave of absence
for himself; which was granted on condition that he should bring in
his substitute.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the House took up the ordinance and de-
cree for opening and regulating the Courts of Texas.
On motion of Mr. Collard, the rule was suspended, and the ordinance
and decree read a second time by sections.
Several amendments were presented and adopted; when the rule of the
House was further suspended, and the ordinance and decree read a third
time; when the question was taken on its final passage, and decided in
the affirmative.
Whereupon it is ordered that the Said ordinance and decree do pass,
and that the title thereof be as aforesaid.
On motion of Mr. Royall, it was resolved that the acting Governor,,
be furnished with a list of all the municipalities, designating those un-
represented, and that he require the attendance of one of the members
of the late Consultation, from such municipalities, to serve as a member
of this Council.
On motion of Mr. Royall, the House went into secret session for the
election of certain officers.
When the doors were opened and the proceedings ordered to be spread
upon the journal, as follows:
The blouse proceeded to ballot for second Judge for the municipality
of Austin.
When Joseph Baker was unanimously elected second judge for the'
municipality of Austin.
The House then proceeded to ballot for secretary pro tem. to the
Executive.
When Edward B. Wood was unanimously elected secretary pro tem.
to the Executive.
On motion the Council adjourned till to-morrow morning nine o’clock.
(797 )