252
Proceedings of the General Council.
done; and the president of the Council shall be, ex-officio a member of
said committee.
Mr. Barrett also presented the following resolution which was read
and adopted, viz.:
Resolved, that in case there be no quorum, the acting Governor of
Texas be and is hereby clothed with full and ample power, by and with
the advice of the advising committee, to enforce and carry into effect
all ordinances, laws and resolutions passed, adopted or enacted by the
General Council of the Provisional Government and all other laws of
Texas.
And also to appoint and commission any officer or officers that may
be necessary to fill any vacancy that has or may occur, and in the same
time provided, nevertheless, said appointment so made by the Executive'
shall be at an end and no longer an officer on the assembling of a quorum
of the General Council, unless the said appointment shall be ratified and
confirmed by the General Council upon so assembling.
Mr. Barrett presented an ordinance and decree creating the office of
marshal of Texas, and defining his duties which was read the first time,
when the rule was dispensed with and the ordinance read a second and
third times, when the question was taken
on its final passage and decided
in the affirmative,
and decree do pass.
It was ordered thereupon that the said • ordinance
Mr. Planks presented the following resolutions, which were read and
adopted.
Be it resolved, by the General Council of the Provisional Government
of Texas, that the late Governor, Henry Smith, be and he is hereby
required within four hours after notice thereof given, to surrender pos-
session of all the papers, records, public correspondence and public docu-
ments of every kind belonging to the Executive department of Texas,
or cause the same to be delivered, to the proper officer of this Govern-
ment, who is authorized to receive the same, and that due notice of this
resolution shall be given the late Governor, Henry Smith aforesaid, with
the name of the officer who is authorized to receive the papers, docu-
ments, &c., as aforesaid.
Be it further resolved, that if the said Henry Smith shall refuse to
comply with the requisitions of the aforesaid resolution, within the time
prescribed therein, that the acting Governor be and is hereby required
and instructed, to have said papers, records, public correspondence and
documents aforesaid, immediately taken from the possession of the late
Governor aforesaid and placed in the charge and safe keeping of the
secretary pro tem. of the Executive, Edward B. Wood, and for the same
to be done by the proper officer of this Government as aforesaid, who
shall receive the same, and who, in case of resistance shall call to his
aid the power of the country, all officers of the civil and military, and
all citizens of the country, who shall obey the call of said officer in the
execution thereof.
On motion, the House adjourned till three o’clock P. M.
TEREE o’clock, p. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Hanks presented the following resolution, which was read and
laid on the table:
( 800 )