Proceedings of the General Council.
259
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
February 12th, 1836.	5 .
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
A quorum not being present, adjourned till nine o’clock to-morrow
morning.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
February 13th, 1836. j :
Nine o’clock, a. m.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
A quorum not being present, adjourned till nine o’clock to-morrow
morning.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
February 15 th, 1836. j
Nine o’clock, a. m.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
A quorum not being present, adjourned till three o’clock, p. m.
TEREE o’clock, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
Ira R. Lewis appeared and took the oath prescribed by the organic law,
and was admitted a member of the Council from Matagorda.
Mr. Barrett presented the following:
“As the medical friend and adviser of Colonel Barrett, I have exam-
ined particularly his present state of health, and consider his future
health, and even life endangered by longer confinement to sedentary
business at present, he having already seated upon him a diseased state
of the liver, and is threatened with a confirmed dropsey of the legs, &c.,
the consequence of long, laborious employment, in writing and other cor-
responding duties in the General Council.
A. W. EWING.
San Felipe, February 7th, 1836.
To the Honorable, the President, and Council:
I now ask to be discharged from further attendance in the General
Council. I hope no objection will be made, when it is known that my
life is already jeopardized in consequence of my intense labors as a mem-
ber of your body. My services were intended for the good of my coun-
try, which no longer requires them at so great a sacrifice as would be
consequent upon my further continuance.	D. C. BARRETT.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin,
February 15th, 1836.
The foregoing being read:
Mr. Clements presented the following resolution, which was unani-
mously adopted:
Resolved, that in taking leave of D. C. Barrett, who has been a mem-
( s07 )