Proceedings of the General Council.
263
Council Hall, Washington, )
March 7th, 1836.	5
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
A quorum not being present, adjourned till nine o’clock to-morrow
morning.
Council Hall, Washington, )
March 8th, 1836.	5
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The President submitted the following communication, which having
been read, was ordered to be signed by the members present and handed
to the convention.
To the Honorable the President and, Members of the Convention:
The undersigned, members of the General Council of the Provisional
Government, have understood from some sources, that the verbal notice-
given us a few clays since, by a committee of your honorable body, that
the convention was organized, was deemed a sufficient announcement
that the powers of the Provisional Government had ceased. This, from
our understanding of the organic law, we did not think to be the case,
nor that we could be relieved, without some'declaration on the part of
the Convention. Accordingly we replied verbally to your committee,
that we were ready to surrender the archives of the Council, into the
hands of a committee, or any authority acting as a government, pro-
visionally or otherwise. The unfortunate difficulties that arose between
the different branches of the Provisional Government, of which it is
unnecessary to speak at this time, in some measure crippled its operations
and prevented it from acting with that energy so necessary in a crisis
like the present. This state of things we expected, would induce the
Convention to organize immediately some temporary authority to meet
the present exigencies of the country. We could not suppose that the
Convention superseded the Provisional Government, without some dec-
laration on their part of such fact. If it is so deemed by your honorable
body or if any authority is designated to receive the archives, we shall be
ready to deliver them, and return them, and return with pleasure to our
homes and the- field.
A quorum of the Council not being present, adjourned till nine o’clock
to-morrow morning.
Council Hall, Washington, )
March 9th, 1836.	5
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
A quorum not being present, adjourned till nine o’clock to-morrow
morning.
(811 )