264
Proceedings of the General Council.
Council Hall, Washington, )
March 10th, 1836. f
nine o’clock, a. m.
The House met pursuant to adjournment.
A quorum not being present, adjourned till nine o’clock to-morrow
morning.
Council Hall, Washington, )
March 11th, 1836. j
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The president submitted the following documents, received from the
secretary of the Convention.
Mr. Rusk introduced the following resolution, viz.:
Eesolved, that the late Governor, Henry Smith, the late Lieut, ov-
ernor Eobinson and the late Council, the late Treasurer, the late Audit-
or and Comptroller of public accounts, be requested to deliver to this
House, all the books, papers, journals, correspondence, contracts, orders,
laws and all other papers connected with or relating to their several
offices.
Eesolved, that the Secretary of this House make out, and hand forth-
with to each of the aforementioned individuals a copy of this resolution,
and request of them the books and papers referred to.
(A copy.)	Attest,	H. S. KEMBLE, Sec’ry.
The foregoing having been read,
The following reply was submitted and approved, and directed to be
signed by the members present.
To the Honorable, the President, and members of the Convention:
The undersigned, members of the General Council, present acknowl-
edge the receipt, by the hand of your secretary, of a resolution of your
honorable body, requesting the archives of the General Council. In
reply we have to say that they are at your disposal. From an examina-
tion of them it will be seen, that the necessary laws have been passed to
prepare the country for a vigorous defence against her enemies, and for
the regulation of our civil affairs, which if properly executed will be suf-
ficient to meet the wants of the country, until a new organization takes
place under the constitution, to be framed by your body. Since the eigh-
teenth day of January last, there has not been a quorum of the Council
present; previous to that date, however, (foreseeing that such’ an event
might happen,) resolutions by the Council were passed, dividing the
members that might remain into committees, for the purpose of advising
the Executive, as required by the organic law, and transacting such busi-
ness as might be of pressing importance: such as filling vacancies in
offices, providing expresses, advising instructions to agents and to mili-
tary officers, &c., copies of all which will be found in the executive office.
The secretary of the Council has directions to deliver the archives, at
any time when called; he has been for some time past engaged in tran-
scribing the journals into a book for more convenient reference and their
(812)