of the Mexican Federation.
65
congress composed of such a number of individuals as may be determined
by the constitution of each particular state, elected by the people, and re-
movable at such time and in such manner as they may determine.
Executive Power. .
Art. 32. The exercise of the executive power of each state shall only
be exercised for a determinate period to be fixed by the respective consti-
tutions of each state.
Judicial Power.
Art. 33. The judicial power of each state shall be exercised by such
tribunes as may be established by its constitution.
General Provisions.
Art. 24. The constitutions of the different states cannot be in oppo-
sition to the act, nor to the provisions of the general constitution, and
on this account they cannot be sanctioned until'the publication of the
latter.
Art. 25. Nevertheless the legislature of the different states may pro-
visionally organise an internal government, and in the mean time they
must see that the laws actually in force be observed.
Art. 26. The criminal of one state shall not receive asylum in an-
other; but on the contrary must be immediately delivered over to the
authorities requiring his delivery.
Art. 27. No state shall impose, without the consent of the general
congress, any tonnage duty, nor maintain troops or vessels of war in
time of peace.
Art. 28. No state shall, without the consent of the general congress,
impose any tax or duty upon importations and exportations, during the
period that this subject is not properly regulated by law.
Art. 29. No state shall enter into any transactions or contracts with
another state, nor with any foreign power, nor engage in war, except in
the event of actual invasion, or of such imminent danger that it does not
admit of delay.
Art. 30. It is the duty of the nation to protect by wise and just laws
the rights of man and of the citizens.
Art. 31. Every inhabitant of the Union has the liberty of writing,
printing, ■ and publishing his political ideas, without any necessity for
previous license, revision or approbation, under the restrictions and re-
sponsibilities imposed by law.
Art. 32. The congress of each state must transmit annually to the
general congress of the Union a circumstantial and correct account of
the receipts and expenses of all the treasuries, which may exist in their
respective districts, with an account of the causes of both, and of the dif-
ferent branches of industry, agriculture, commerce, and manufactures,
indicating their progress, or decline together with the causes to which it
can be attributed; the new modes of industry, which may be introduced
and the means of fostering them; also their respective population.
Art. 33. All the debts, contracted before the adoption of this act.
5—VOL. 1.
(65)