74
Constitutive Acts
Art. 10. The general basis for the appointment of deputies shall
be the population.
Art. 11. A deputy shall be elected for every eighty-thousand inhabi-
tants and for every fraction exceeding forty thousand. Any state, which
may not have so large.a population is nevertheless entitled to one dep-
uty.
Art. 12. A census of the whole confederation shall be taken with-
in five years, and shall be renewed afterwards every ten years, which
shall serve to designate the number of deputies to which each state
is entitled. In the meantime the elections are to be regulated on the
basis established in the preceding article, and the census which served
. to regulate the election of deputies in the congress now in session.
Art. 13. There shall also be elected in every state deputies subsi-
tutes in proportion of one for every three deputies or one for every frac-
tion of two. States having less than three deputies will elect one sub-
stitute.
Art. 14. Every territory containing more than fifty thousand inhab-
itants, shall name one deputy and one substitute, who shall have voice
and vote in the formation of all laws and decrees.
Art. 15. A territory not possessing the aforesaid population, shall
name a deputy and a substitute, who shall have the right to speak on'
all subjects. The elections of the deputies from the different territories
shall be regulated by a special law.
Abt. 16. In all the states and territories of the Federation, the ap-
pointment of the deputies shall take place the first Sunday in the month
of October next preceding the renovation, which is an indirect election.
Art. 17. As soon as the election of deputies is concluded, the elec-
toral boards shall, through their president, forward to the council of
the government evidence, in due form, of the act of election, and duly
certified, and they shall notify to the persons appointed their election,
which shall serve as their credentials.
Art. 18. The president of the council of the government shall give
to this evidence, spoken of in the preceding article, that direction which
is prescribed by the regulations of said council.
Art. 19. In order to be appointed deputy it is necessary:
1st. To have, at the time of election, full twenty-five years.
2d. To have resided in the state from which elected full two years,
or to be born in it, though residing in a different state.
Art. 20. Those not born in the territory of the Mexican nation, must,
in order to be elected deputies, have resided at least eight years within
the same, and possess real estate in some part of the republic worth eight
thousand dollars, or some species of industry making them an income
of one thousand dollars annually.
Art. 21. Are excepted from the operation of the preceding article:
1st. All those born in any part of America, which, in 1810, depended
on Spain, and which has not united with any other nation, and which no
longer remains dependent on Spain, for whom , three years residence
will suffice, provided they have the other requisites prescribed by the
19th article.
2d. All military men not born in the territory of the Republic, but
who have supported with arms the independence of the country, for
(74)