of the Mexican Federation.
75
whom it shall be sufficient to have resided eight years in the country,
and to possess the qualifications required by article 19.
Art. 22. The election of deputies on account of residence shall be
preferred to that made on account of birth.
Art. 23. The following cannot be deputies, viz:
1st. Those deprived of, or suspended from, the rights of citizens.
2d. The president and vice president of the Union.
3d. The members of the supreme court of justice.
4th. The secretaries of the different departments, their officers and
secretaries.
5th. The officers of the treasury, whose employments extend through-
out the Union.
6th. The governors of the states and territories, the commandant
generals, the right reverend archbishops and bishops, the governors of
the archbishops and bishops, the provisor and vicar generals, the circuit
judges, and the commissary generals of war and finance for the states
and territories in which they exercise their functions.
Art. 24. In order that the persons comprehended in the preceding ar-
ticle may be elected deputies, it is necessary that their functions should
have entirely ceased six months previous to the elections.
Section Third.
Of the Chamber of the Senators.
ART. 25. The senate shall he composed of two senators from each
state, elected by an absolute majority of the legislature of each state,
one half of their number to be renewed every two years.
Art. 26. The senators elected in the second place shall cease to hold
their places at the end of the two first years, and afterwards the most
ancient.
Atr. 27. When there occurs a vacancy in the senate on account of
death, resignation, or other cause, such vacancy shall he filled by the
legislature of the respective state, if such legislature be in session, and
if not, as soon as it may be in session.
Art. 28. In order to be senator the same qualities are required, which
are prescribed in the preceding section for deputy, and moreover to be
thirty years at the time of the election.
Art. 29. Those who cannot be deputies cannot be senators.
Art. 30. Article 22 shall likewise govern the election of senators.
Art. 31. When the same individual is elected senator and deputy,
he shall prefer the election prior in point of time.
Art. 32. The periodical election of senators shall take place in all
the states on the same day, which shall be the 1st of September next, to
the renewal of one-half of the senate.
Art. 33. When the election of the senators, the different legislatures
shall forward a certificate of the same, through their presidents to the
council of the government, in the usual form of acts of election, and
make known to the persons elected their appointment by another in-
strument which shall serve as a credential of their election. The presi-
dent of the council of the government shall dispose of these certificates
of election in the manner prescribed in the 18th article.
( 75 )