of the Mexican Federation.
77
he shall be suspended from office, and the cause sent to the competent
tribunal.
Art. 41. Every deputy and senator has the right of presenting in
writing propositions and projects of laws or decrees in his respective
Chamber.
Art. 42. The deputies and senators are not responsible for any
opinions which they may express in the discharge of their employ-
ments, and they can never be called to account for the same.
Art. 43. In criminal prosecutions brought against the senators or
deputies from the day of their election, until two months after they
shall have discharged their functions, the former cannot be accused
except before the Chamber of Deputies, and the latter, except before
the Senate, and in the event of similar accusations the Chamber shall
form itself into a- grand jury, for the purpose of determining if there
be any foundation for such accusation.
Art. 44. If the? Chamber, constituting the grand jury in the cases
mentioned in the preceding article, should declare by the vote of two-
thirds of the members present, that the accusation is well founded;
the accused remains suspended from his employment, and placed at
the disposal of the competent tribunal.
Art. 45. The compensation of the deputies and senators’shall be
determined by law, and be paid by the General Treasury of the Con-
federation.
Art. 46. Each Chamber as well as the boards spoken of in the 36
art., may issue such orders as it deems convenient, in order to carry into
effect any resolutions adopted by virtue of the function, delegated to
each by virtue of the 35, 36, 39, 40, 44 and 45th art., of the Constitu-
tion, and the President of the United States ought to cause them to be
executed, without possessing the right of making any observations on
their tenor.
Section Fifth.
Powers of the General Congress.
Art. 47. No resolution of the General Congress shall assume any
other form than that of a law or a decree.
Art. 48. The resolutions of the General Congress, in order to have
the force of a law or decree ought to be signed by the President, except
in those cases excepted by the Constitution.
Art. 49. The laws or decrees, which emanate from the General
Congress, shall have for their object:
1.	To sustain the national independence, and to provide for the pre-
servation and security of the nation in its exterior relations.
2.	To preserve the Federal Union of the States, and peace and public
order in the interior of the Confederation.
3.	To maintain the independence of the States among themselves,
so far as respects their government according to the Constitutive act and
this Constitution.
4.	To sustain the proportional equality of obligations and rights
which the states possess in point of law.
(77)