of the Mexican Federation.
79
16.	To declare war, upon examining the facts presented to its consid-
eration by the President of the United States.
17.	To establish rules for the granting of letters of marque, and for
declaring valid or invalid prizes on land and water.
18.	To designate the force of the army and navy, to fix the contingent
of men to be furnished by each state, to establish ordinances and rules
for- their organisation and service.
19.	To form regulations for the organisation, arming and disciplining
of the local militia of the states; reserving to each state the appointment
of its own officers and the faculty of instructing them according to the
discipline laid down in the aforesaid regulations.
20.	To grant or to refuse the entrance of foreign troops into the ter-
ritory of the confederation.
21.	To permit or to refuse squadrons belonging to foreign powers to
remain for more than one month in Mexican harbors.
22.	To permit the departure of the national troops beyond the limits
of the republic.
23,	To create or suppress all public employments of the Federation,
to fix, increase or diminish the appointed salaries, rewards, in case of
retirement, and pensions of the same.
24,	To grant rewards and compensations to persons who have ren-
dered great services to the republic, and to decree public honors in mem-
ory of great men.
25.	To grant amnesties and indulgences for offenses the cognisance of
which appertains to the tribunals of the confederation, in such cases,
and upon observing the prerequisites prescribed by law.
26.	To establish a uniform rule of naturalisation.
27.	To establish general rules as to bankruptcy throughout the Union.
28.	To select a place of residence for the supreme powers of the
Federation and to exercise in its district the attributes of the legisla-
tive power of a state.
29.	To change such residence whenever it may deem it necessary.
30.	To grant laws and decrees for the interior administration of the
Territories.
31.	To dictate all laws and decrees, which may conduce to accom-
plish the objects spoken of in the forty-ninth article without intermed-
dling with the interior administration of the states.
Section Sixth.
Of the Formation of the Lazus.
ART. 51. The formation of all laws and decrees may begin indis-
tinctly in either of the chambers, except those having for their object
the levying of contributions or of raising taxes, which must originate
in the Chamber of Deputies.
Art. 52. The following shall be considered as initiatives of laws;
1.	Propositions which the President of the United Mexican States
shall deem advantageous to the Union and which as such he shall
specially recommend to the Chamber of Deputies.
2.	Propositions, projects of laws or decrees, which the legislatures
of the states may address to either chamber.
(79)