80
Constitutive Acts
Art. 53. All projects of laws or decrees without any exception what-
ever shall be successively discussesd in the two chambers, observing in
both with exactness what it prescribed in the regulations as to the form
of debate, as well as to the delays and modes of proceeding in voting. '
Art. 54. Propositions of laws or decrees, which have been rejected
in the chamber, where they originated, before the final reading cannot
again be proposed by any member during the sessions of that year, nor
until the ordinary sessions of the year following.
Art. 55. If the propositions of laws or decrees after having been
discussed be approved by an absolute majority of the members present
in both chambers, they shall be sent to the president, who if he also
approves shall sign and publish the same; and if not, shall return them
with his observations within ten working days to the chamber whence
they originated.
Art. 56. The propositions of laws or decrees returned by the presi-
dent, according to the preceding article, shall be a second time discussed
in the two chambers. If in each of them, they be approved by two-
thirds of the members present, they shall again be sent to the president,
who without further excuse must sign and publish them; but if not
approved by the votes of two-thirds of the members, they cannot again
be proposed until the year following.
Art. 57. If the president should not return a proposed law or decree
within the period prescribed in the 55th art. it shall be considered as
approved by that very fact, and be promulgated as law; unless while
the delay is not yet expired, congress should have closed or suspended
its sessions, in which event the return must be made on the first day
thereafter when congress shall again unite.
Art. 58. The projects of laws or decrees once wholly rejected by
the chamber of revision, shall be returned by said chamber to that in
which it originated. If upon re-examination in the latter, it be ap-
proved by two-thirds of the members present, it shall be sent back again
to the chamber by which it was rejected, who shall not again reject it,
unless by the vote of two-thirds of the members present.
Art. 59. All proposed laws or decrees, which, on a second examina-
tion, have been approved by two-thirds of the members of the chamber
where they originated, and not disapproved by two-thirds of the cham-
ber of revision, shall be sent to the president who must sign and circu-
late them, or send them back within ten working days to the chamber
where they originated.
Art. 60. All propositions of laws or decrees which, according to the
preceding article, the president may send back to -the chamber where
they originated, shall be again considered, and if they are approved by
two-thirds of the members present, and the chamber of .revision be
not equally divided, they shall be returned to the president, who shall
cause them to be published. But if in their origin they were approved
by two-thirds of the chamber, or disapproved by an equal number of
the chamber of revision, they cannot again be taken up except at a
subsequent regular session.
Art. 61. In case they should be reproved a second time by the cham-
ber of revision, according to article 58, the proposition shall be consid-
ered as thrown out, and it cannot again be taken up until the following
year.
(80)