of the Mexican Federation.
81
Abt. 62. In the amendments, which the chamber of revision may
make to proposed laws or decrees, the same formalities must be observed
as on other subjects requiring the approbation of the president.
Abt. 63. The portions of a proposed law or decree, which may be
once disapproved by the chamber of revision, are subject to the same
formalities as those propositions which have been wholly disapproved.
Abt. 64. In the interpretation, modification, and repeal of laws and
decrees the same formalities must be observed which are required for
their formation.
Abt. 65. Whenever any resolution of the general congress is com-
municated to the President of the Republic, it must be signed by the
presidents of both chambers, and by a secretary belonging to each.
Abt. 66. No law or decree can be formed in either chamber with-
out the presence of an absolute majority of the members composing it.
Section Seventh.
Of the Time, Duration and Place of holding the General Congress.
Abt, 67. The general congress shall meet every .year on the 1st
of January, in the place designated by law. The regulations for the in-
terior government of the same, shall prescribe the formalities previous
to the opening of the same, as well as those to be observed at its installa-
tion.
Abt. 68. The President of the Confederation shall assist at this open-
ing, and shall pronounce a discourse suitable to this important act: to
which, the presiding officer of congress shall reply in general terms.
Abt. 69. The ordinary sessions of congress shall be held daily, with-
out any other interruption than solemn days of festivals; and in order to
suspend its meetings for more than two days, the consent of both cham-
bers is necessary.
Abt. 70. The chambers shall reside in the same place; and they can-
not remove to another, without previously agreeing on such removal,
as well as the time and manner of effecting it, and designating the same
point for their re-union. But if both agree on the removal, but differ
as to time, mode, and place, the President of the Union shall decide the
question, by choosing one of the places in dispute.
Abt. 71. The general congress shall close its sessions annually on the
15th of April, with the same formalities prescribed for its opening, with
the faculty of prolonging it for thirty working days whenever they deem
it necessary, or the President of the Union may request it.
Abt. 72. Whenever the general congress may unite in extra session,
it shall be composed of the same deputies and senators which formed the
ordinary session, and who will confine their attention exclusively to the
objects for which they were convoked; but if these be not disposed of
at the day appointed for the regular session, the extra session must be
closed, and the points pending left to the decision of the ordinary con-
gress..
Abt. 73. The resolutions taken by congress relative to the change,
prorogation, or suspension of its sessions, according to the three preced-
ing articles, must be communicated to the president, who will cause them
to be executed without making any observations thereon.
6 —VOL. 1.
(81)