of the Mexican Federation.
83
equality of votes, but greater than the rest, the chamber shall choose
from those having the greatest votes.
Art. 89. If all have an equal number of votes, the chamber shall
choose a president and vice president from among the whole; as also,
when one has a greater number, and the rest an equal number of votes.
Art. 90. Should there be a tie, when voting upon the elections of
the legislatures, the vote shall be repeated once, and if it still continues
to be a tie, chance shall decide.
Art. 91. In competitions between two or more, having an equal
number of votes, the voting must be directed to reduce the competitors
to two or one, in order that the remaining party be placed in competi-
tion with him who has a majority of votes.
Art. 92. ' As a general rule, in voting for president and vice presi-
dent, chance shall not be resorted to till after two votings.
Art. 93. In voting on the elections of the legislatures, as well as
on the nomination of president and vice president, the representation
of each state shall have but one vote; and in order to have a decision
of the chamber, there must be an absolute majority of votes.
Art. 94. In order to deliberate on the objects mentioned in the pre-
ceding article, there must concur more than one-half of the whole
number of members, and three-fourths of the deputies of the states.
Section Second.
Of the Duration of the Presidency and Vice Presidency, and the
mode of filling Vacancies in each, and of their Oath.
Art. 95. The President and Vice President of the Union shall enter
on their functions on the 1st of April; and shall vacate their offices, on
the same day four years afterwards, by a new and constitutional election.
. Art. 96. If from any cause whatever, the elections of president and
vice president should not be completed and published by the first of
April on which the installation is to take place, or the persons elected
should not be ready to enter on the office, the functions of the former
shall, nevertheless, cease, and the chamber of deputies, voting by states,
shall elect a president ad interim.
Art. 97. In case the president or vice president be temporarily pre-
vented, what has been prescribed in the preceding article shall take
place, and if the impediment were to occur while the congress is not in
session, the supreme executive power is confided to the president of
the supreme court of justice and two individuals chosen by the absolute
plurality of votes of the council of the government. These cannot be
members of the general congress, and they ought to possess the quali-
fications required of the president of the Union.
Art. 98. While the elections above spoken of are making, the presi-
dent of the supreme court of justice discharges the executive power.
Art. 99. In the event of perpetual impossibility of the president or
vice president, congress, and in their recess the council of government,
shall provide for the case according to the 96th and 97th articles, and
take steps that the legislatures proceed to elect a president and vice
president according to the constitutional forms.
(83)