84
Constitutive Acts
Abt. 100. The election of president and vice president made by the
legislatures, in consequence of the perpetual impossibility of those hold-
ing these offices, shall not prevent the ordinary elections which take
place the first of September every four years.
Abt. 101. The president and vice president elected every four years,
ought to be on the first of April in the place where the supreme powers
of the Union reside, and take an oath before the united chambers to
fulfil their duties in the following form: I, -------, appointed president
(or vice president) of the United Mexican States, swear before God and
his holy evangelists, that I will faithfully discharge the office which
the United States have entrusted me with, and that I will observe, and
cause to be observed, exactly the constitution and the general laws of
the confederation.
Abt. 102. If neither the president nor the vice president present
themselves to take the preceding oath, and the session of congress is
open, they shall take such oath before the council of government as soon
as each presents himself.
Abt. 103. . If the vice president present himself, and take the oath
before the president, he shall be at the head of government until the
president has taken the oath of office.
Abt. 104. The president and vice president, constitutionally ap-
pointed according to the 99th article, and the individuals provisionally
appointed to exercise the functions of president according to the 96th
and 91th articles, shall take the oath mentioned in the 101st article,
before the chambers if in session, and if not, before the council of the
government.
Section Third.
Of the Prerogatives of the President and Vice President.
Abt. 105. The president may propose to congress such new laws or
reform in old laws as he may think conducive to the general good, by
proposing them to the chamber of deputies.
Abt. 106. The president may once, within ten working days, make
observations on laws and decrees passed by the general congress, and
suspend their publication until the resolution of congress, except in
cases provided for by the constitution.
Abt. 107. The president, while he remains in office, can only be
accused before one of the chambers, and only for the offences men-
tioned in the 38th article, and committed at the time therein specified.
Abt. 108. Within one year, counting from the time at which the
office of the president ceases, he cannot be accused except before the
chambers, for offences mentioned in the 38th article, as well as for all
others committed during the time he was in office. When the year is
passed, he cannot be accused for such offences.
Abt. 109. The vice president, during the four years of his employ-
ment, can only be accused before the chamber of deputies for an offence
committed during the time of such employment.
(84)