of the Mexican Federation.
85
Section Fourth.
Of the Attributes of the President, and the Restrictions of his Powers.
Abt. 110. The attributes of the president are the following:
1.	To publish, circulate, and cause to be observed, the laws and
decrees of the general congress.
2.	To make regulations, decrees, and orders for the'better observ-
ance of the constitution, constitutive act, and general laws.
3.	To execute the laws and decrees having for their object the pres-
ervation of the integrity of the Union, and to sustain its exterior inde-
pendence, and its interior union and liberty.
4.	To appoint and remove at pleasure the secretaries of state.
5.	To watch over the collection, and decree the appropriation of the
general contributions agreeably to law.
6.	To name the heads of the treasury, the general commissaries,
diplomatic agents, consuls, colonels and other superior officers of the
permanent army, and of the armed and active militia, with the approba-
tion of the senate, and in the recess, by the council of the government.
7.	To appoint the other officers of the permanent army and of the
armed and active militia, and the officers of the confederation observing
therein the dispositions of the law.
8.	To appoint, out of three candidates proposed by the supreme
court, the judges and fiscals of the circuit and district courts.
9.	To grant discharges and furloughs, and regulate the pensions of
the military, agreeahly to law.
10.	To dispose of the permanent army and navy and the active
militia for the interior security and external defence of the nation.
11.	To dispose of the local militia for the same objects, and even
employ the same beyond the limits of their respective states and terri-
tories, after previous consent of the general congress, which shall specify
the force necessary, and, if congress be not in session, the council of the
government shall give its consent, and make the aforesaid specification.
12.	To declare war in the name of the United Mexican States, upon
a previous decree of the general congress; grant letters of marque ac-
cording to the provisions of law.
13.	To make concordats with the Apostolic See, according to the
terms of the 12th power of the 50th article.
14.	To direct diplomatic negotiations, and make treaties of peace,
friendship, alliance, truce, confederation, armed neutrality, commerce,
and all other kinds; but in order to give or withhold ratification of the
same, the approbation of the general congress is necessary.
15.	To receive ministers and other agents of foreign powers.
16.	To ask of the general congress the prorogation of their sessions
for thirty working days or less.
17.	Convoke extra sessions of congress when he thinks it necessary,
and two-thirds of the members present of the council of government
shall agree to it.
18.	Also to convoke extra sessions of congress, when two-thirds of
the members present of the council of government think it necessary.
(85)