of the Mexican Federation.
87
he shall appoint according to his own regulation a president pro tempore
to discharge his functions in his absence.
Abt. 116. The attributes of this council shall be as follows:
1.	To watch over the observance of the constitution and the consti-
tutive act and general laws, keeping a record of all incidents relating
to this subject.
2.	To make such observations to the President as they deem useful
to the accomplishment of the constitution and laws of the Union.
3.	To require, of their own accord, or at the request of the President,
extra sessions of Congress, but in such cases two thirds of the members
present must concur, according to §§ 17. and 18. of art. 110.
4.	Give their consent for using the local militia, according to § 9. of
art. 110.
5.	Approve of the appointments mentioned § 6. of art. 110.
6.	Give its consent in the case of art. 112. § 1.
7.	Appoint two individuals, who jointly with the president of the su-
preme court, shall exercise provisionally the supreme executive power,
according to art. 97.
8.	To receive the oath of art. 101, from the individuals of the supreme
executive power, in the cases mentioned in the constitution.
9.	To give their opinion in consultation with the President, accord-
ing to § 21, art. 110. and on other subjects on which he may consult
them.
Section Sixth.
Of the Business of Government.
Abt. 117. For the despatch of the business of government of the re-
public, there shall be appointed such a number of secretaries as Congress
may establish by general law.
Abt. 118. All the regulations, decrees and orders of the President
ought to be signed by the secretary of state of the department to which
it belongs, and without this formality they are not to be obeyed.
Abt. 119. The secretaries of state shall be responsible for all acts of
the President, signed by them contrary to the constitution, the consti-
tutive act, general laws, and the constitutions of particular states.
Abt. 120. The secretaries of state shall give to each chamber, as soon
as it opens, an account of the situation of their respective departments.
Abt. 121. In order to be secretary of state, one must be born a Mex-
ican citizen.
Abt. 122. The secretaries of state shall form regulations for the dis-
tribution and despatch of business under their care, which shall be sub-
mitted by government to Congress for their approbation.
(87)