88
Constitutive Acts
TITLE V.
OF THE JUDICIAL POWER OF THE UNION.
Section First.
Of the Nature and Distribution of this Power.
Art. 123. The judicial power of the Union shall reside in a supreme
court of justice, and in circuit and district courts.
Section Second.
Of the Sufreme Court of fustice, the Election, Duration and Oaths
of its Members.
Art. 124. The supreme court of Justice shall be composed of eleven
ministers, divided into three chambers, and of one fiscal, the general
Congress having power to increase this number if they think proper.
Art. 125. In order to be elected member of the supreme court, it is
necessary to be instructed in the science of law, in the opinion of
the legislatures of the states, to have thirty-five years of age, be a natural
born citizen of the republic, or born in some part of America, which
prior.to 1810 belonged to Spain, and which has separated from it, pro-
vided he have five years residence within the republic.
Art. 126. The individuals composing the supreme court of justice
shall hold the office for life, unless removed according to law.
Art. 127. The election of the members of the supreme court shall
take place on the same day, by the legislatures of the state by an abso-
lute majority.
Art. 128. The elections concluded, each legislature shall send to the
president of the council of the government a certified list of the twelve
individuals elected, noticing him who has been appointed Fiscal.
Art. 129. The president of the council as soon as he shall have
received the lists of at least three-fourths of the legislatures, shall dis-
pose of them in the manner prescribed by the regulations of the council.
Art. 130. On the day appointed for the meeting of Congress, the said
list shall be opened and read, in the presence of both chambers, after
which the senators shall retire.
Art. 131. Immediately the chamber of deputies shall appoint by, an
absolute majority a committee, which must be composed of one deputy
from each state, whose representatives are present, to which the lists
must be sent, in order to verify the result, after which the chamber
will verify the election and count the votes.
Art. 132. The individual or individuals uniting more than one half
of the votes given by all the legislatures, and not by those of their
respective members, shall be regarded as elected, and the chamber will
so declare them.
Art. 133. If those uniting a majority of the suffrages spoken of in
the preceding article do not amount to twelve, the same chamber shall
(88)