of the Mexican Federation.
91
Section Seventh.
General Rules for Administration of Justice in the States and Terri-
tories of the Union.
AET. 145. Each state shall give faith and credit to the acts, registers,
and procedings of the judges and other authorities of the other states,
and congress shall establish a uniform law for proving such acts, regis-
ters, &c.
Art. 146. The penalty of infamy does not extend beyond the person
punished.
Art. 147. The confiscation of goods is forever abolished.
Art. 148. All judgments by commissions and retroactive laws, are
forever prohibited.
Art. .149.
fence.
Art. 150.
No authority shall ever inflict the torture under any pre-
No one can be confined unless there be half proof or indi-
cations of his guilt.
ART. 151. No one shall be detained on indications alone, for more
than sixty hours.
Art. 152. No authority can direct the seizure and registry of papers
and effects in houses, except in cases and in the form expressly prescribed
by law.
Art. 153.
Art. 154.
No one is bound to accuse himself in criminal matters.
The military and ecclesiastic remain subject to the same
laws and tribunals as heretofore.
Art. 155. No suit can be instituted, either for civil or criminal in-
jury, without previous demand in conciliation.
Art. 156. No one can be deprived of the right of terminating his dif-
ferences before arbitrators chosen by each party, in every stage of the
cause.
TITLE VI.
OF THE STATES OF THE FEDERATION.
Section First.
Of the Particular Government of the States.
Art. 157. The government of each state shall be divided into three
powers, viz: the legislative, executive, and judicial, and two or more
of these can never be united in the same person or corporation, nor can
the legislative power be vested in a single individual.
Art. 158. The legislative power of each state resides in a legislature,
composed of the number of individuals determined by their particular
constitutions, elected by the people, and removable at the time and in
the manner they may prescribe.
Art. 159. The person or persons to whom the states confide the exe-
cutive power can exercise it only for a limited time, fixed by their con-
stitutions.
(91)