4
Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
The question being taken thereon, it was decided in the affirm-
ative. Whereupon the Chair appointed Messrs. Parmer, Everett
and Childress, and
On motion of Mr. Houston,
Mr. Zavala was added to said committee.
On motion of Mr. Houston,
The Convention adjourned until two o’clock.
TWO O’CLOCK, P. M.
The Convention met pursuant to adjournment.
The committee appointed to examine and report upon the cre-
dentials of the delegates elect, through their chairman, Mr. Par-
mer made the following Report, to wit:
From the municipality of Austin, Thomas Barnett and Charles
B. Stewart.
From the municipality of Brazoria, Edwin Waller, James Col-
ling sworth and John S. I). Byron.
From the municipality of Washington, Benjamin Briggs Good-
rich, G. W. Barnett, James S. Swesher and Jesse Grimes.
From the municipality of Mina, J. W. Bunton, Thomas J.Gaz-
ley and R. M. Coleman.
From the municipality of Gonzales, Mathew Caldwell and John
Fisher.
From the municipality of Milam, Sterling C. Robertson and
George C. Cdildress.
From the municipality of Nacogdoches, Robert Potter.
From the municipality of San Augustine, Martin Parmer, S. W.
Blount and E. O. Legrand.
From the municipality of Sabine, William Clark, Jr., and James
Ga,ines.
From the municipality of Harrisburg, Lorenza de Zavala.
From the municipality of Jasper, Stephen H. Everett and George
IF. Smith.
From-the municipality of Matagorda, Baily Hardeman.
From the municipality of Jackson, Elijah Stepp.
From the municipality of Shelby, Sidney O. Penington and Wil-
Ham C. Crawford.
From the municipality of Jefferson, Claiborne West and William
B. Scales.
From the municipality of Refugio, James Power, Samuel Hous-
ton, David Thomas and Edward Conrad.
From the municipality of Goliad, William Mottley.
From the municipality of San Patricio, John Turner.
From the municipality of Bejar, Brancisco Ruis, Antonio Na-
varro and J. B. Badggett.
From the municipality of Pecan Point and vicinity, Robert Ham-
ilton, Richard Ellis and Collin McKinney.
(824)