Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
5
From the municipality of Colorado, William D. Lacy and Wil-
liam Menifee; and
On motion of Mr. Farmer,
The report was received and agreed to.
On motion of Mr. Potter,
Resolved, That the Convention proceed to the election of a Presi-
dent of their body.
The question being taken it was agreed to. Mr. Everett nomi-
nated Mr. Ellis, and there being no opposition, Mr. Ellis was de-
clared unanimously elected President of the Convention, who was
conducted to the chair by Messrs. Collingsworth and Everett;
whereupon the President addressed the Convention at some
length on the importance of their duties.
On motion of Mr. Collingsworth,
The Convention proceeded to the election of a Secretary to their
body.
Mr. Collingsworth nominated Mr. W. A. Faris; Mr. West nomi-
nated Mr. E. M. Pease: Mr. Legrand nominated Mr. H. S. Kim-
ball.
The President appointed Messrs. Everett and Childress tellers,
and the votes being taken, the tellers reported, that
Mr. W. A. Faris received ten votes; Mr. E. M. Pease received
seven votes; Mr. S. H. Kemball received twenty-four votes, where-
upon the President declared Mr. Kemball duly elected Secretary
to the Convention, who was conducted to the Secretary’s table by
Messrs. Everett and Childress.
On motion of Mr. Potter,
The Convention proceeded to the election of a Sergeant-at-
Arms.
Mr. Potter nominated Mr. Isham Parmer, and there being no
opposition, the President declared Mr. Parmer duly elected Ser-
geant-at-Arms of the Convention.
On motion of Mt. Potter,
The Convention proceeded to the election of a Door-Keeper.
Mr. Potter nominated Mr. John A. Hizer, and there being no
opposition, the President declared Mr. Hizer duly elected Door-
Keeper of the Convention.
On motion of Mr. Goodrich,
The Convention proceeded to the election of an assistant Secre-
tary and an engrossing Clerk.
Mr. Bunton nominated Mr. Pease for assistant Secretary, and
Mr. Goodrich nominated Mr. Saul for engrossing Clerk, and there
being no opposition, the President declared them both duly
elected.
On motion of Mr. Childress,
Resolved, That the President appoint a committee of five to draft
a Declaration of Independence.
( 825 )