8
Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
when there shall not be such a majority on the first ballot, the
ballot shall be repeated until a majority be obtained.
9th. In all cases of ballot by the house, the President shall
vote: in other cases he shall not vote, unless the house be equally
■divided, or -unless his vote, if given to the minority, will make the
division equal; and in case of such equal division, the question shall
be lost.
10th. In all cases, where other than members of this house may
be eligible to an office by the election of the house, there shall be
.a previous nomination.
11th. All acts, addresses, and joint resolutions, shall be signed
by the President; and all writs, warrants, and subpoenas, issued by
order of the house, shall be under his hand and seal, attested by
the clerk.
12th. In case of any disturbance or disorderly conduct in the
galleries or lobby, the President (or chairman of , the whole house,)
shall have power to order the same to be cleared.
Of Decorum and Debate.
13th. When any member is about to speak in debate, or deliver
.any matter to the house, he shall rise from his seat, and respect-
fully address himself to “Mr. President,” and shall confine himself
to the question under debate, and avoid personality.
14th. If any member in speaking, or otherwise, transgress the
rules of the house, the President shall, or any member may, call
him to order; in which case the member so called to order shall
immediately set down, unless permitted to explain, and the house
shall, if appealed to, decide on the case, but without debate; if
there be no appeal, the decision of the chair shall be submitted to.
If the decision be in favor of the member called to order, he shall
be at liberty to proceed; if otherwise, he shall not be permitted to
proceed, without leave of the house; and if the case require it, he
shall be liable to the censure of the house.
15 th. When two or more members happen to rise at once, the
president is to name the member who is first to speak.
16th. No member shall speak more than twice on the same
question, without leave of the house, nor more than once, until
every member choosing to speak shall have spoken.
17th. If a question depending be lost by adjournment of the
house, and revived on the succeeding day, no member who shall
have spoken twice on the preceding clay, shall be permitted again
to speak without leave.
18th. Whilst the President is putting any question, or address-
ing the house, none shall walk out of, or across the house; nor, in
such case, or when a member is speaking, shall entertain private
( S28 )