Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
9
discourse, nor, whilst a member is speaking, shall pass between,
him and the chair.
19th. No member shall vote on any question in the event of
which he is immediately and particularly interested, or in any
case where he was not present when the question was put.
20th. Upon a division and count of the House on any question,,
no member without the bar shall be counted.
21st. Every member who shall be in the house when the ques-
tion is put, shall give his vote, unless the House, for special reasons,,
shall excuse him.
22nd. When a motion is made and seconded, it shall be stated by
the President; or, being in writing, it shall be handed to the chair,
and read aloud by the clerk before debated.
23d. Every motion shall be reduced to writing, if the President,
or any member desire it.
24th. After a motion is stated by the President, or read by the
clerk, it shall be deemed to be in possession of the house, but may
be withdrawn at any time before a decision or amendment.
25th. When a question is under debate, no motion shall be re-
ceived but to adjourn, to lie on the table, for the previous ques-
tion, to postpone to a day certain, to commit, or amend, to post-
pone indefinitely; which several motions shall have preference in
the order in which they are arranged; and no motion to postpone
to a day certain, to commit, or to postpone indefinitely, being de-
cided, shall be again allowed on the same day, and at the same
stage of the bill or proposition. A motion to strike out the enact-
ing words of a bill, shall have precedence of a motion to amend,
and, if carried, shall be considered equivalent to its rejection.
26th. When a resolution shall be offered, or a motion made, to-
refer any subject, and different committees shall be proposed, the
question shall be taken in the following order:—The committee of
the whole house on the state of Texas; the committee of the whole
house; a standing committee; a select committee.
27th. A motion to adjourn shall always be in order; that, and
the motion to lie on the table, shall be decided without debate.
28th. The previous question shall be in this form: “Shall trie-
main question now be put?” It shall only be admitted when de-
manded by a majority of the members present; and until it is de-
cided, shall preclude all amendment, and further debate of the
main question.
29th. On a previous question there shall be no debate.
30th. When a question is postponed indefinitely, the same shall
not be acted upon again during the session.
31st. Any member may call for the division of a question, which
shall be divided if it comprehends questions so distinct that, on
being taken away, the rest may stand entire for the decision of the
house: A motion to strike out and insert, shall be deemed indivisi-
(829 )