Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
13
64th. Upon hills committed to a committee of the whole house,
the hill shall he first read throughout by the clerk, and then again
read and debated by clauses, leaving the preamble to be last
considered; the body of the bill shall not be defaced or interlined,
but all amendments noting the page and line, shall be duly entered
by the clerk on a separate paper, as the same shall be agreed to
by the committee, and so reported to the house. After report, the
bill shall again be subject to be debated and amended by clauses,
before a question to engross it be taken.'
65th. All amendments made to an original motion in commit-
tee, shall be incorporated with the motion and so reported.
66th. All amendments made to a report committed to a com-
mittee of the whole house, shall be noted and reported as in cases
of bills.
67th. All questions, whether in a committee or in the house,
shall be propounded in the order in which they were moved, ex-
cept that in filling up blanks, the largest sum and the longest time
shall be first put.
68th. No motion or proposition for a tax or charge upon the
people shall be discussed the day in which it is first made or offered,
and every such proposition shall receive its first. discussion in a
committee of the whole house.
69th. No sum or quantum of tax or duty voted by a committee
of the whole house, shall be increased in the house until the mo-
tion or proposition for such increase shall be first discussed and
voted in a committee of the whole house, and so in respect to the
time of its continuance.
70th. All proceedings, touching appropriations of money, shall
first be discussed in a committee of the whole house.
71st. The rules of proceedings in the house shall be observed
in a committee of the whole house, so far as they may be ap-
plicable, except the rule limiting the time of speaking; but no
member shall speak twice to any question, until every member
choosing to speak shall have spoken.
72d. No standing rule or order of the house shall be rescinded
or changed, without one day’s notice being given of the motion
therefor. Nor shall any rule be suspended except by a vote of at
least two thirds of the members present. Nor shall the order of
business, as established by the rules of the house, be postponed
or changed, except by a vote of at least two thirds of the mem-
bers present.
73d. It shall be in order for the committee on enrolled bills to
report at any time.
74th. No person shall be permitted to perform divine service in
the chamber occupied by the Convention, unless with the consent
of the President.
53 —vol. 1.
(833 )