Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
17
of self-preservation, therefore, now decrees our eternal political sep-
aration.
We, therefore, the delegates, with plenary powers, of the people
of Texas, in solemn convention assembled, appealing to a candid
world for the necessities of our condition, do hereby resolve and
declare that our political connexion with the Mexican nation has
forever ended; and that the people of Texas.do now constitute a
free, sovereign and independent RepxMic, and are fully invested
with all the rights and attributes which properly belong to inde-
pendent nations; and conscious of the rectitude of our intentions,
we fearlessly and confidently commit the issue to the supreme
biter of the destinies of nations.
On motion of Mr. Houston, The report of the committee
ar-
was
received.
On motion of Mr. Collinsworth,
The Convention resolved itself into a committee of the whole
upon the report of the committee on the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, Mr. Collinsworth in the chair.
And after some time spent therein, on motion of Mr. Houston,
The committee rose, and Mr. Collinsworth reported that the
committee of the whole had had under consideration the report of
the committee on the Declaration of Independence, and had in-
structed him to report the same with the following caption:
“The unanimous Declaration of Independence made by the Del-
egates of the People of Texas, in General Convention at the town
of Washington, on the 2nd day of March, 1836.”
On motion of Mr. Houston,
Resolved, That the Declaration of Independence, reported by
the committee of the whole house, be engrossed and signed by the
Delegates of the Convention.
And the question being taken thereon, it was unanimously
adopted.
On motion of Mr. Goodrich,
Resolved, That five copies of the Declaration of Independence
be prepared, and one to be sent forthwith to Bexar, one to Goliad,
one to Nacogdoches, one to Brazoria and one to San Felipe, and
that the printer at San Felipe be requested to print, in hand bill
form, for distribution, one thousand copies, ■ and that a committee
of three be appointed to carry the above resolution into effect.
And the question being taken thereon it was decided in the af-
firmative; whereupon the President appointed Messrs. Goodrich,
Parmer and Byrom said committee. •
Mr. Thos. Barnett, from the Municipality of Austin, appeared,
produced his credentials and took his seat.
On motion of Mr. Goodrich,
The Convention adjourned until two o’clock p. m.
(837 )