20
Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
And the question being taken thereon it was decided in the af-
firmative; whereupon the President appointed Messrs. Bunton, Bar-
nett of Washington, Legrand, Fisher of Gonzales and Fisher of
Matagorda, said committee.
On motion of Mr. Rusk,
Resolved, that the President appoint a committee consisting of
one member from each Municipality to report as early as practica-
ble a constitutive act for the purpose of organizing the physical
force of the country for its defence, against its enemies.
And the question being taken thereon, it was decided in the af-
firmative; whereupon the President appointed Messrs. Rusk, Bar-
nett of Austin, Collinsworth, Badgett, Lacy, Caldwell, Mottley,
Zavala, Smyth, Stepp, Scates, Hardin, Bunton, Robertson, Harde-
man, Latimer, Thomas, Blount, Clark, Pennington, Turner and
Swisher, said committee.
On motion of Mr. Conrad,
The following Preamble and resolution was introduced:—Where-
as Land titles have been recently granted by commissioners, to in-
dividuals under the colonization Laws, whilst many brave and
worthy men, with equal claims, have been prevented by serving
in the field, of similar privileges, notwithstanding the decree of a
former Convention, ordering all such proceedings to be suspended:
Therefore,
Resolved, That all Land commissioners or agents whatever, in-
terested with the disposition of public Lands, close their offices, and
suspend the granting of titles, and all matters whatsoever connected
with the disposal of public Lands forthwith; and that if any titles
should be granted in defiance of this authority, such titles shall
be null and void, and the individual so offending shall be subject
to a fine of $10,000 and imprisonment for twelve months.
On motion of Mr. Thomas, the preamble and resolution
laid on the table till to-morrow.
On motion of Mr. Collinsworth,
Resolved That the papers and documents transferred to the
were
cen-
vention, be referred to a committee of five delegates for examina-
tion and report.
And the question being taken thereon, it was decided in the
affirmative; whereupon the President appointed Messrs. Collins-
worth, Gaziev, Hamilton, Childress and Goodrich said committee.
On motion of Mr. Potter,
Resolved that Col. Jesse Benton and Lieut. Griffin Bane be and
they are hereby, authorized to raise a Regiment of rangers, the
officers of which shall be commissioned by the authority of this
convention; the said Regiment of rangers to receive the same pay
and rations that are provided for the regular army; the said regi-
ment to enrol themselves during the war, and to be subject at all
times, to the orders of the Commander-in-chief of the public forces.
(840 )