22
Proceedings of the Convention at W ashington.
and morning of the 12th .January, and it appears further in evi-
dence, that a part at least of said volunteers voted again, and your
committee are unanimously of opinion, that said votes were not
legal votes, and that they ought not to be counted, and in making
up their report, they have left them entirely out.
It appears further in evidence that three men on their way from
, the army to the United States, did vote at a house where they
stopped for the night, and as is certified, their votes were taken
between the hours of 8 and 9 o’clock at night, your committee are
unanimously of opinion that the above three votes should not be
counted, as they were clearly illegal, and have accordingly thrown
them out, as said persons who so voted, did immediately thereafter
leave the country, and also that the votes were taken after the time
of the election.
Your committee are therefore of opinion, that Mr. S. Rhodes
Fisher, named, ought to be enrolled among the members of this
house.
S. H. EVERITT, Chairman.
■ E. O. LeGRAND, ) c ...
C. B. STEWART, , Committee.
On motion of Mr. Rusk,
The report of the committee was received.
On motion of Mr. Childress,
Resolved, That inasmuch as there are two contested elections
pending before this Convention, viz: that election between Messrs.
McMullen and Bowers, and that between Messrs. Royall. and Fisher,
and inasmuch as there is, and will be, contradictory statements
and evidence before this body, and probably great uncertainty will
exist as to who ought to have the seats referred to, and inasmuch
as there is not time before the. probable adjournment of this body
to refer the questions back to the people for a new election, and
it is desirable that there should be a full representation of all the
people, and that the Convention should have the assistance of
the representations from those municipalities, and that all dis-
sentions and irritating questions should now be entirely avoided,
Therefore, Resolved, through the plenary powers vested in this
Convention, that each of the above named. gentlemen be allowed
to take their seats as members of this body, that those who are
now here be allowed to do so immediately, and the others when-
ever they may appear and make their application.
Mr. Childress argued in favor of the resolution, Messrs. Rusk
and Potter in opposition, and the question being taken thereon
it was decided in the negative.
Mr. Legrand asked and obtained leave that Mr. Royall should
address the Convention in behalf of himself, which he did at some
length in defence of his right to a seat in the Convention.
( 842)