24
Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
vice, and endowed with all the rights, privileges and powers due
to a Commander in Chief in the United States of America, and
that he forthwith proceed to take command, establish head-
quarters and organize the army accordingly.
On motion of Mr. Collinsworth,
Resolved, that the rule requiring the resolution to lay one day
on the table, be dispensed with, and that the Resolution be forth-
with put upon its passage.
On motion of Mr. Gazley,
The Convention adjourned until 2 o’clock P. M.
two o’clock, p. ji.
The Convention met pursuant to adjournment.
On motion of Mr. Collinsworth,
The resolution laid on the table until two o’clock, being called
for, and the house sustaining the call, and the resolution being
read by the secretary, Mr. Gazley offered the following amend-
ment:
And that Samuel Houston retain such command until the elec-
tion of a chief magistrate of this government, and to continue in
such office unless, superseded by order of the government, subject,
however, to the general orders of the government de facto, until
the general organization agreeable to the constitution, and always
amenable to the laws and civil authorities of the country.
The amendment was accepted by the introducer of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. Everett moved the further amendment by adding the words
“major general to be,” after the word appointment and before the
word commander, the amendment being also accepted by the in-
troducer of the resolution.
The resolution was then put upon its passage, on which a de-
bate arose. Messrs. Collinsworth, Gazley and Thomas, in favor of
the resolution, and Mr. Potter in opposition; and the question be-
ing taken thereon, it passed in the affirmative.
On motion of Mr. Everett, that the Convention adjourn:
Mr. Parmer moved that they adjourn until nine o’clock on Mon-
day next, and urged the propriety of the time mentioned, as there
were two very important committees, composed of a majority of
the house, and to give them time to make their report; he hoped
the house would adjourn until that time.
And the question being taken, it was agreed to, and so the
house adjourned until Monday, nine o’clock.
(844)