26
Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
Col. Fannin is said to be on the march to this place with re-
inforcements, but I fear it is not true, as I have repeatedly sent
to him for aid without receiving any. Col. Bonham, my special
messenger, arrived at La - Bahia fourteen days ago, with a request
for aid; and on the arrival of the enemy in Bejar, ten days ago, I
sent an express to Colonel F., which arrived at Goliad on the next
day, urging him to send us reinforcements; none have yet arrived.
I look to the colonies alone for aid; unless it arrives soon, I shall
have to fight the enemy on his own terms. I will, however, do
the best I can under the circumstances; and I feel confident that
the determined valor and desperate courage, heretofore exhibited
by my men, will not fail them in the last struggle; and although
they may be sacrifice! to the vengence of a Gothic enemy, the vic-
tory will cost the enemy so dear, that it will be worse for him than
a defeat. I hope your honorable body will hasten on reinforce-
ments, ammunition, and provisions to our aid as soon as possible.
We have provisions for twenty days for the men we have. Our
supply of ammunition is limited. At least five hundred pounds
of cannon powder, and two hundred rounds of six, nine, twelve
and eighteen pound balls, ten kegs of rifle powder and a supply of
lead, should be sent to the place without delay, under a sufficient
guard.
If these things are promptly sent, and large reinforcements are
hastened to this frontier, this neighborhood will be the great and
decisive ground. The power of Santa Anna is to be met here, or
in the colonies; we had better meet them here than to suffer a war
of devastation to rage in our settlements. A blood red banner
waves from the church of Bejar, and in the camp above us, in token
that the war is one of vengence against rebels; they have declared
us as such; demanded that we should surrender at discretion, or
that this garrison should be put to the sword. Their threats have
had no influence on me or my men, but to make all fight with
desperation, and that high souled courage which characterises the
patriot, who is willing to die in defence of his country’s liberty and
his own honor.
The citizens of this municipality are all our enemies, except those
who have joined us heretofore. We have but three Mexicans now
in the fort; those who have not joined us, in this extremity, should
be declared public enemies, and their property should aid in pay-
ing the expenses of the war.
The bearer of this will give your honorable body a statement
more in detail, should he escape through the enemy’s lines.
God and Texas—Victory or Death.
Your obedient servant.
W. BARRETT TRAVIS, Lieut. Col. Comm.
P. S. The enemy’s troops are still arriving, and the reinforce-
ment will probably amount to two or three thousand.
(846)
T.