Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
27
On motion of Mr. Parmer,
Resolved, That one thousand copies of Colonel W. Barrett
Travis’s letter be printed in hand bill form by the editors, Messrs.
Baker & Bordens, of San Felipe.
And the question being taken thereon, it was decided in the
affirmative.
Mr. Samuel A. Maverick, from the municipality of Bejar, ap-
peared, produced his credentials and took his seat as a member of
the Convention.
On motion of Mr. Childress,
Resolved, That Captain J. Cook be invited to take a seat within
the bar of the Convention, in testimony of the regard for the ser-
vices he has rendered to Texas in her struggle for freedom.
And the question being taken thereon, it was unanimously de-
cided in the affirmative.
On motion of Mr. Houston,
Resolved, That Captain Burk and Lieutenant Thornton, be in-
vited to take a seat within the bar of the Convention as a tribute
due to their gallantry in defending the cause of Texas.
And the question, being taken thereon, it was unanimously de-
cided in affirmative.
Mr. S. Rhodes Fisher, from the municipality of Matagorda, ap-
peared and, agreeable to the report of the committee on privileges
and elections, took his seat as a delegate of the Convention.
Mr. Houston asked and obtained leave to address the Conven-
tion, explanatory of his former course as commander-in-chief; the
delicacy of his position under the decrees and orders of the provi-
sional government, tendered his acknowledgements to the Con-
vention for his re-appointment as commander-in-chief, and took
his leave for the army.
On motion of Mr. Potter,
Resolved, That the safety of the country is threatened in a man-
ner which makes it the duty of all her citizens to hasten to the
field.
Resolved, That the members of this Convention, while they keep
steadily in view the organization of the government, will, in the
present emergency, adjourn to meet in the camp of our country-
men, there or elsewhere to complete the business of the convention.
Resolved, That a committee of five members be appointed, clothed
with all the powers residing in the Convention, to raise and organ-
ise the militia and volunteers, provide supplies of provisions and
ammunition for the troops, and to draft an appeal to the people
of Texas and to the United States, explaining our situation and the
motives of our adjournment.
Mr. Potter advocated the adoption of the resolution; Messrs.
Collinsworth, Childress, and Rusk, in opposition thereto, and the
question being taken thereon, it was decided in the,negative.
( 847 )