28
Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
On motion of Mr. Thomas,
Resolved, That a standing military committee, consisting of five
members, be appointed by the President.
And the question being taken thereon, it was decided in the
affirmative; whereupon the President appointed Messrs. Collins-
worth, Rusk, Power, Gaines and Fisher of Gonzales, said com-
mittee.
Mr. James Woods, from the municipality of Liberty, appeared,
produced his credentials, and took his seat as a delegate of the
Convention.
On motion of Mr. Pennington,
Leave was given to all the delegates of the Convention, who
were absent at the time of the adoption of the Declaration of In-
dependence, to sign the same.
On motion of Mr. Pennington,
The Convention adjourned till to-morrow morning at nine
o’clock.
MONDAY, March 7, 1836.
The Convention met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Everett, chairman of the committee on privileges and elec-
tions, reported that the committee had examined the credentials
of election of John W. Moore, of the municipality of Harrisburg,
and that he is entitled to a seat in this Convention.
On motion of Mr. Parmer,
The report was received and agreed to, whereupon Mr. Moore
took his seat as a delegate of the Convention.
On motion of Mr. Goodrich,
Resolved, That a committee of three members of this body be
appointed to inform our commissioners, now in the United States,
that we have declared independence, and to urge upon them the
necessity of using their utmost exertions to bring about as soon as
practicable, the recognition of the independence, of Texas, by the
Congress of the United States of the north, now in session.
The resolution lies one day on the table under the rule of the
Convention.
Mr. Potter presented a communication from the late Governor
Henry Smith, which,
On motion of Mr. Conrad,
Was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. Hardeman,
The letter of H. K. W. Hill, esq., to Mr. George C. Childress,
enclosing his bill of exchange on Messrs. N. & J. Dick & Co. of
Hew Orleans for five thousand, for the use and benefit of Texas,
( 848 )