Proceedings of the Convention at 'Washington.
31
officers to command them, agreeable to the provisions of the law
in existence in relation to the organization of the army, which of-
ficers shall be commissioned by the executive officer of the govern-
ment for the time being.
Sec. 5. Be it ordained by the authority aforesaid, That every
person so drawn or drafted as aforesaid, when required to muster
into service shall be and is hereby required to prepare himself
with a rifle or musket, one pound of powder,. one pound lead, a
shot pouch, powder horn and knapsack, unless he will swear he
is unable to do so, without injury to his family.
Sec. 6. Be it ordained by the authority aforesaid, That if any in-
dividual, after having been so drawn and notified, shall fail or re-
fuse to muster into service, either by himself or substitute, with-
out a reasonable excuse, to be judged of by three disinterested per-
sons to be chosen by the person appointed to register the names
and sworn to decide the same, he shall be forthwith arrested as a
deserter and tried by a Court Martial and punished agreeable to
the rules and articles of war of the United States of America in
time of war. And also on conviction thereof before any court of
law hereafter appointed, having competent jurisdiction, he shall
forfeit one half of his property to the use of the Republic, the other
half shall be vested fully and completely in his wife and children,
or wife or children if he have any; and he shall never hold any
office of honor, trust or profit under the Government, be admitted
as a witness in court, or vote for any office.
Sec. 7. Be it ordained by the authority aforesaid, That when an
individual shall be so drawn and mustered into service, he shall
not again be required to enter the service until the others who have
not served shall be drafted in the same manner as before provided.
Sec. 8. Be it ordained by the authority aforesaid, That it shall
be the duty of every individual moving into a district or county
within ten days after his arrival therein, to report himself to the
person so appointed in such district or county to enrol the names,
and on failure to do so he shall be fined the sum of twenty-five dol-
lars, to be collected by the order of any judicial officer by distress
and sale of his property forthwith, which fine shall be paid into
the treasury and go to the use of the army. And any persons
coming into the district or county and remaining there ten days
without reporting himself for military duty shall be liable to serve
before all other persons.
Sec. 9. Be it ordained by the authority aforesaid, That the per-
son so appointed to register the names, shall have power to appoint
one or more under him,- not exceeding five, for the purpose of en-
abling him, with the greater despatch to complete the business;
provided those appointed under him shall not be thereby exempted
from doing military duty.
(851)