Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
33
months from the day of its passage, and no longer, unless sooner
repealed. by a Congress of the Republic.
On motion of Mr. Parmer, the report was received.
Mr. Goodrich moved that the rule be dispensed with, and that
the Convention resolve itself into a committee of the whole upon
the report forthwith.
And the question being taken thereon was decided in the nega-
tive. The resolution lies one day on the table, under the rule of
the Convention.
On motion of Mr. Gazley,
Resolved, That military depots be established at the La Bahia
crossing of the Colorado, and at the town of Mina for the pur-
pose of supplying the army with provisions and munitions of war;
and that suitable persons be appointed by the Executive Com-
mittee Commissioners at those places to procure corn, cattle, sugar,
coffee and tobacco, with such arms and munitions of Avar as may be
necessary for the troops in service.
Mr. Goodrich moved to amend by inserting between the words
“Mina” and “for” “and at the La Bahia crossing of the Brazos;”
which was accepted by the introducer of the resolution.
And the question being taken on the adoption of the resolution
as amended, it was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. Rusk moved that the resolution be referred to the Military
Committee; and the question being taken thereon, it was decided
in the affirmative.
Mr. Everitt called for a resolution submitted by him, and laid
on the table on Friday last, proposing that the Convention ballot
for a committee, to act as an Executive Committee.
The Convention sustained the call, and, on motion of Mr. Good-
rich, the resolution was indefinitely postponed.
On motion of Mr. Collinsworth,
Messrs. Thomas, Smith, and Menard were added to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Messrs. S. Rhodes Fisher, John W. Moore, John W. Bowers and
Samuel A. Maverick, being absent at the adoption of the Declara-
tion of Independence, asked and obtained leave to sign the same.
On motion of Mr. Childress, the Convention adjourned till to-
morrow morning at nine o’clock.
TUESDAY, March 8, 1836.
The Convention met pursuant to adjournment.
The President laid before the Convention a communication from
the late Lieut. Govr. Robinson, which being read by the Secre-
tary, was as follows:
(853)