Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
37
Mr. Pennington offered the following amendment:
Eesolved, also, that all surveys that have been made since the
seventeenth day of October last, are null and void, unless the
grantee, actually resided on the same at the time the survey was
made, east of the Trinity river.
Which was accepted by the introducer of the preamble and reso-
lution.
On motion of Mr. Potter, that the rule, requiring the. preamble
and resolutions to. lay one day on the table, be dispensed with; and
that the preamble and resolution with the amendment be forth-
with put upon its passage.
And the question being taken thereon, it was decided in the
affirmative, by two-thirds of' the members present.
Whereupon the Convention resolved itself into a committee of
the whole house upon the preamble-and resolution, with the
amendment.
Mr. Grimes in the chair.
And after some time spent therein, Mr. Grimes reported that
the committee of the whole house had had under consideration a
preamble and resolution, proposing to the committee on the consti-
tution, the propriety of inserting in that instrument a provision,
that no claim of eleven Leagues of Land shall be valid, and that
the committee had refused the reference and rejected the preamble
and resolution.
On motion of Mr. Grimes, the report was received and agreed to.
On motion of Mr. Childress, the Convention adjourned till two
o’clock P. M.
TWO o’clock, P. M.
The Convention met pursuant to adjournment.
On motion of Mr. Conrad,
Eesolved, that the Convention proceed to ballot for three Com-
missioners whose duties it shall be to proceed to the different Land
offices of Texas, and examine strictly into the state and condition
of the same, the quantity of land still unappropriated, its location
&c., &c.; the circumstances attending the disposition of all grants
for more than the quantity of land established by the Colonization
Laws, to whom granted and for what consideration, and to collect
all other information in relation to the conducting of land matters,
which may be considered useful, and report the same to the Exe-
cutive as soon as. practicable; also, that it shall be the duty of the
said commissioners, to take custody of all titles, books, and papers
whatsoever, connected with the Land office, and convey them to
the seat of Government, if considered safe from the ravages of the
enemy, or if not, to such other place or places as may be deemed
proper.
Which lies on the table one day, under the rule of the house.
( 857 )