38
Procaedings of the Convention at Washington.
Mr. Busk called for the report made by the committee to draft
a constitutive act to organize the physical force of the country,
which was laid on the table on Friday last; and the house sus-
tained the call, and the report being read,
On motion of Mr. Bunton, the convention resolved itself into a
committee of the whole upon said report, Mr. Thomas in the chair;
and after some time spent therein, the committee rose, and Mr.
Thomas reported that the committee of the whole house had had
under consideration, the report of the committee appointed to draft
a constitutive act, to organize the physical force of the country, had
instructed him to report progress and ask leave to set again.
On motion of Mr. Thomas, the report was received.
On motion of Mr. Mottley,
Resolved, That a committee of three be appointed to examine the
subject in relation to the -Mexican prisoners, and report to this
house the best course to be adopted in regard to their future dis-
position, and that they have power to retain said prisoners.
On motion of Mr. Thomas the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. Busk introduced the following preamble and resolution:
Whereas information having reached this convention of the em-
bodying of a large force of Indians, above the San Antonio road,
Be it resolved by this convention, that Captain Black and Cap-
tain Bennett, be authorized to raise a company of volunteers, not to
exceed fifty men, and proceed forthwith to the place specified, to
disperse them, and after so doing, proceed to Bexar.
Resolved, further, that said captains Black and Bennett, be au-
thorized to press provisions, if not to be obtained otherwise, and
.draw upon the future government of Texas for the reasonable ex-
penses of said expedition.
And the question being taken thereon, it was decided in the af-
firmative.
The President laid before the convention the petition of J. G.
Robertson, praying to be discharged from imprisonment.
On motion of Mr. Busk, the petition was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. Pennington.
Resolved, That the late Governor Smith, the late Lieutenant Gov-
ernor Robertson, and the late Council, fie required to lay before'
this house the names of all the officers of the regular army, ap-
pointed by the council of the provisional government, giving infor-
mation as far as possible when they were appointed, where they are
located, and upon what duty, if any, and their grade, together
with all other officers appointed in the ranging corps.
Resolved, That a committee of two be appointed to wait on the
late Governor Smith, the late Lieutenant Governor Robertson, and
the late Council, with copies of this resolution, and request them
to furnish said information.
( 858 )