Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
39
And the question being taken thereon, it was decided in af-
firmative.
Whereupon, the president appointed Messrs. Pennington and
Badggett, said committee.
On motion of Mr. Hardeman,
Resolved, That all subjects not directly connected with the con-
stitution of this republic, lay on the table until that instrument be
adopted by this convention. Which, on motion of Mr. Collinsworth,
was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. Parmer,
Resolved, That all commissioned officers in the regular army,
who have not the number of men required by law, under their
command, or who are not in the field, shall be subject to draft the
same as private citizens.
And the question being taken thereon, it was decided in the
affirmative.
On motion of Mr. Parmer,
The convention adjourned till to-morrow morning, nine o’clock.
WEDNESDAY, March 9, 1836.
The Convention met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Parmer, chairman of the committee appointed to draft a
constitution, made the following report:
We, the people of Texas, in order to form a government, estab-
lish justice, ensure domestic tranquility, provide for the common
defence and general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty
to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this con-
stitution for the republic of Texas.
ARTICLE 1.
SECTION 1. The' powers of this government shall be divided
into legislative, executive and judicial. All legislative power here-
in granted, shall be vested in a senate and house of representatives,
which shall be styled the congress of the republic of Texas.
Sec. 2. The members of the house of representatives shall be
chosen every year, on the first Monday of October, by the qualified
electors, and shall serve for the term of one year from the day of
the commencement of the general election.
Sec. 3. No person shall be a representative unless he be a citizen
of the republic, and an inhabitant of the county, district or muni-
cipality for which he shall be chosen, and shall have obtained the
age of twenty-one years.
( 859 )