40
Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
Sec. 4. The general congress shall, at their first session, and
every three years thereafter, until the year eighteen hundred and
fifty, then every six years, cause an enumeration to be made of the
inhabitants of the republic. At the first session, after making such
enumeration, the number of representatives shall be fixed and ap-
portioned among the several counties entitled to separate repre-
sentation, according to the respective number of citizens, and the
said apportionment, when made, shall not be subject to altera-
tion until after the census shall be taken.
Sec. 5. The house of representatives shall not consist of less
than twenty-four, nor more than forty members, until the popu-
lation amounts to more than one hundred thousand, (100,000.)
after that, the whole number of representatives shall never be less
than forty members, nor more than one hundred; Provided, how-
ever, That each county shall be entitled to one representative.
Sec. 6. The house of representatives shall choose their own
speaker and other officers: and shall have the sole power of im-
peachment.
Sec. 7. The senators shall be chosen by districts, as nearly
equal in number of white inhabitants as may be; each district shall
be entitled to one representative and no more; Provided, That the
number of senators shall never be less than one-third, nor more
than one-half, of the whole number of representatives.
Sec. 8. Senators shall be chosen for the term of three years,
and shall reside in the district for which they were elected; and
shall have attained the age of thirty years.
Sec. 9. At the first session of congress, after the adoption of the
constitution, the senators shall be divided, by lot, into three classes
as equal as may be. The seats of the senators of the first class
shall be vacated at the end of the first year, of the second at
the end of the second year, of the third class at the end of the
third year, so that one-third shall be chosen every year.
Sec. 10. The vice president of the republic shall be president of
the senate, but shall not vote unless they be equally divided.
Sec. 11. The senate shall choose their other officers, and their
president pro tempore, in the absence of the vice president, or
when he .exercises the office of president; shall have the sole power
of impeachments; when sitting for that purpose shall be under
oath, and no person shall be convicted without the concurrence of
two-thirds of the members present.
Sec. 12. Indictment, in cases of impeachment, shall not extend
further than removal from office, and disqualification to hold any
office of honor, trust or profit under this government. But the
party convicted shall be liable to indictment, trial, judgment and
punishment, according to law.
Sec. 13. Each house shall be the judge of the elections, quali-
fications, and returns of its own members. Two thirds of each
( S60 )