42
Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
Sec. 26. No money shall be drawn from the public treasury
but in consequence of appropriations made by law. And no appro-
priations for local or private purposes shall be made, except by the
concurrence of two thirds of the members of each house.
Sec. 27. Every bill which shall have passed both houses of con-
gress, shall, before it becomes a law, be presented to the president
of the republic of Texas; if he approve he shall sign it, but if not,
he shall return it, with his objections, to that house in which it orig-
inated, who shall enter the objections at large on the journals, and
proceed to reconsider it. If two thirds of both houses approve of
the purpose of the bill on a reconsideration, it shall become a law;
but the votes of both houses shall be taken by yeas and nays and
entered on the journals of each respectively. If a bill shall not be
returned by the president within five days (Sunday excepted) after
it shall be presented to him, the same shall be a law in like manner
as if he had signed it, unless adjournment of congress prevents its
return.
Sec. 28. Every order, resolution or vote, to which the concur-
rence of both houses may be necessary, (except on a question of ad-
journment,) shall be presented to the president, and before they
take eSect shall be approved by him, or being disapproved, shall
be passed by two-thirds of the senate and house of representatives.
ARTICLE II.
Sec. 1. Congress shall have power to levy and collect taxes,
duties, impost and excises; to borrow money on the credit of the
republic of Texas, to pay the debts and provide for the common
defence and general welfare of the country.
Sec. 2. To regulate commerce with foreign nations and with the
Indian tribes. To coin money, regulate the value thereof and of
foreign coin. To fix the standard of weights and measures; but
shall not make anything but gold and silver a lawful tender in
payment of debts.
Sec. 3. To establish post offices and post roads.
Sec. 4. To declare war, to grant letters of marque and_reprisal,
and make rules concerning captures on land and water.
■ Sec. 5. To provide and maintain a navy, to raise and support
armies, and to make rules for the government and regulation of
the land and naval forces.
Sec. 6. To provide for calling forth the militia to execute the
laws of the republic, suppress insurrection and repel invasion.
Sec. 7. To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper
for calling into execution the foregoing powers, and all other
powers vested by this constitution in the government of the re-
public of Texas, or in any department or officer thereof.
( 862 )