Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
47
SCHEDULE.
Sec. 1. That no inconvenience may arise from the adoption
of this constitution, it is declared by this convention, that all laws
now in force in Texas, and not inconsistent with this constitution,
shall remain in full force, until declared void, -repealed, altered, or
expire by their own limitation.
Sec. 2. All fines, penalties, forfeitures and escheats which have
heretofore accrued to Coahuila and Texas, shall accrue to the re-
public.
Sec. 3. Every male citizen, who is by this constitution a citi-
zen and shall be otherwise qualified, shall be entitled to hold any
office or place of honor, trust or profit under the republic, any-
thing in this constitution to the contrary notwithstanding.
Sec. 4. The first president and vice president who shall be
appointed after the adoption of this constitution, shall be chosen
by this convention, who shall’ immediately enter on the duties
of their offices, and shall hold said offices until their successors
be elected and qualified as prescribed in article —■ and section —
of this constitution, who shall have the same qualifications, in-
vested with the same powers, and perform the same duties, which
is required of and conferred on the executive head of the repub-
lic by this constitution.
Sec. 5. The president shall issue writs of election, directed to
the officers authorized to hold elections in the several counties,
requiring them to cause an election to be held for president, vice
president, representatives and senators to congress, at the time
and mode prescribed by this constitution; which election shall be
conducted in the manner that elections have been heretofore con-
ducted. The president, vice president, and members of congress,
when duly elected, shall continue to discharge the duties of their
respective offices for the term and in the manner prescribed by this
constitution, until their successors shall be duly qualified.
Sec. 6. Until the first enumeration shall be made as directed
by this constitution, the precinct of Austin shall be entitled to
one representative; the precinct of Brazoria, two representatives;
the precinct of Bexar, two representatives; the precinct of Colo-
rado, one representative; Sabine, one; Gonzales, one; Goliad, one;
Harrisburg, one; Jasper, one; Jefferson, one; Liberty, one; Mata-
gorda, one; Mina, two; Nacegdoches, two; Red River; three; Vic-
toria one; San Augustine, two; Shelby, two; Refugio, one; San Pa-
tricio, one; Washington two; Milam one and Jackson one repre-
sentative.
Sec. 7. Until the first enumeration shall be made as pre-
scribed by the constitution, the senatorial districts shall be com-
posed of the following precincts: Bexar shall be entitled to one
.(867)