48
Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
senator; San Patricio, Refugio and Goliad one; Brazoria, one;
Mina and Gonzales, one; Nacogdoches, one; Red River, one; Shel-
by and Sabine, one; Washington, one; Matagorda, Jackson and
Victoria, one; Austin and Colorado, one; San Augustine, one;
Milam, one; Jasper and Jefferson, one; Liberty and Harrisburg
one senator.
Sec. 8. All judges, sheriffs, commissaries and other civil
officers, shall remain in office and in the discharge of the powers
and duties of their respective offices, until there shall be others-
appointed or elected under the constitution.
The declaration of rights hereunto annexed, is declared to be a
part of the constitution of the republic, and shall never be vio-
lated on any pretence whatever. And in order to guard against
transgressions of the high powers which we have delegated, we de-
clare, that every thing in the bill of rights contained, and every
other right, not hereby delegated, "are reserved to the people.
DECLARATION OF RIGHTS.
Sec. 1. That all men, when they form a social compact, are
equal in rights; and that no man or set of men, are entitled to
exclusive public privileges or emoluments from the community.
Sec. 2. That all political power is inherent in the people, and all
free governments are founded on their authority, and instituted
for their benefit; and they have at all times an undeniable right
to alter their form of government in such manner as they may
think expedient.
Sec. 3. No preference shall be given by law to any Christian
sect or mode of worship, and every person shall be permitted to
worship Almighty God according to the dictates of his own con-
science.
Sec. 4. Every citizen may freely speak, write and publish his
own sentiments on all subjects, being responsible for the abuse of
the same.
Sec. 5. No law shall ever be passed to curtail the liberty of
speech or the press. In all prosecutions for libels, the truth may
be given in evidence, and the jury shall have the right- to de-
termine the law and the fact, under ihe direction of the court.
Sec. 6. The people shall be secure in their person, houses,
papers and possessions, from any unreasonable search or seizures;
and no warrant to search any place or to seize on any person or
things, shall issue, without describing them as nearly as may be,
nor without probable cause, supported by oath or affirmation.
Sec. 7. In all criminal prosecutions the accused shall be heard
by himself and counsel; to demand the nature of the cause of the ac-
(868 )-