Proceedings'of the Convention at Washington.
49
cusion; to be confronted by the witnesses against him; to have com-
pulsory process to obtain witnesses in his favor. And in all prosecu-
tions by presentment or indictment, a speedy public trial by an im-
partial jury. He shall not be compelled to give evidence against him-
self, nor be deprived of life, liberty or property, but by due course
of law. And no free man shall be holden to answer for any crimi-
nal charge but by presentment, indictment or by a grand jury,
except in the land or naval forces, or in the militia, when in actual
service, in
ment.
Sec. 8.
time of war or public danger, or in case of impeach-
No citizen shall be taken, or imprisoned, or dispos-
sessed of his freehold, liberties, or privileges, or outlawed, or ex-
iled, or in any manner disfranchised, or deprived of his life, lib-
erty or property, but by the law of the land.
Sec. 9. No title of nobility, hereditary privileges or honors, shall
ever be granted or conferred in this republic. No person holding
any office of trust or profit, shall without the consent of congress,
receive from any foreign state any present, office or emoluments
of any kind.
Sec. 10. No person for the same offence shall be twice put in
jeopardy of life or limb. And the right of trial by jury shall remain
inviolate.
Sec. 11. All persons shall be bailable by sufficient sureties, un-
less for capital crimes, when the proof is evident or the presump-
tion strong; and the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus, shall
not be suspended except in cases of rebellion or invasion, the pub-
lic safety may require it.
Sec. 12. Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines
imposed, or cruel or unusual punishments inflicted. All courts
shall be open, and every man for an injury done him in his lands,
goo'cls, person or reputation, shall have remedy by due course of
law.
Sec. 13. The person of a debtor, when there is not strong pre-
sumption of fraud, shall not be imprisoned, after delivering up his
estate for the benefit of his creditor or creditors, in such manner
as may be prescribed by law. No person shall be imprisoned for
debt in consequence of inability to pay.
Sec. 14. No person’s particular services shall be demanded nor
property taken or applied to public use, unless by the consent of
himself or his representative, without just compensation being
made therefor according to law.
Sec. 15. Every citizen shall have the right to bear arms in
defence of himself and the republic.
Sec. 16. The military shall in all cases and at all times be in
■strict subordination to the civil power.
Sec. 17. The sure and certain defence of a free people is a
well regulated militia; and it shall be the duty of the legislature
( 869 )