52
Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
and all grants, the conditions whereof have not been complied
with; and all grants or titles issued in violation of the laws of the
consultation; and all titles that may be hereafter issued unless
under the authority of this constitution; and all grants that may
have been antidated, shall be null and void. ' Provided there be
nothing herein contained to prejudice the grants of lands obtained
under the colonization law.
Sec. 16. Where an actual settler on lands hath obtained an
order of survey from a commissioner lawfully authorized to act
as such; the survey already actually made shall be valid, provided
it does not interfere with any other actual settler.
SLAVES.
Sec. 1. All persons of color who were slaves for life, previous
to their emigration to Texas, and who are now held as bonded
servants or otherwise, shall remain in the like state of servitude
in which they would have been held in the country from which
they came; provided the person or slave be the bona fide property
of the person holding the same, either by purchase or otherwise.
Congress shall pass no law to prohibit emigrants from the United
States of America, from bringing their slaves with them, and hold-
ing them on the same terms and by the same tenure as they were
held in the country from which they were brought. Congress
shall have no power to pass laws for the emancipation of slaves;
nor shall any person holding slaves be permitted to emancipate
them, unless he remove them beyond the limits of this republic;
unless, in case of meritorious conduct on the part of the slave,
and by the consent of the legislature first had and obtained.
No free person of African descent shall be permitted to emigrate
and reside in this republic, unless by special act of congress, which
must specify the person by name.
Congress may by legislative acts compel the owners of slaves to
treat them with humanity, and provide them with sufficient food,
and clothing; and may prevent their introduction as merchandise,
or from any other country except that of the United States of
America.
Sec. 2. In the prosecution of slaves for crimes, no inquest of
a grand jury shall be necessary, but the proceedings thereof shall
be regulated by law, except in capital cases; the general congress
shall have no power to deprive them of a trial by jury. ■
Any amendment or amendments to this constitution, may be
proposed in either house of congress, and if the same be agreed
to by a majority of the members of each house, such proposed
amendment or amendments shall be entered on the journals with
the yeas and nays taken thereon; and it shall be published at least
(872 )