54
Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
extremely precarious, and that too, at a time when our national
existence depended upon the immediate reception of money, pro-
visions and arms, to carry on the war, your committee are satis-
fied that the loans submitted 'were the best that could have been
made under the circumstances.
Add to this the great importance of at all times preserving good
faith as a nation, your committee are of opinion that it is due to
your commissioners, and to yourselves, that the loans should be
unhesitatingly ratified.
Your committee having also had under consideration the treaty
made by your late commissioners, with the small tribes of Indians
specified in said treaty, are of opinion that said treaty is probably
as favorable as could have been made at the time under all the
circumstances, and recommends its ratification.
They have also had under consideration the proposition of John
T. Lamar, which proposition is herewith submitted as part of this
report, .and recommend its adoption.
JAS. COLLINSWORTH, Chairman,
Mr. Childress introduced the following preamble and proviso:
Whereas, the African slave trade being abhorent to the laws of
God and the feelings of all civilized nations, the encouragement
of such inhuman traffic shall be made piracy by the laws of the
land, and all persons legally convicted, before the legitimate trib-
unals, of being hereafter engaged in it, either directly by captur-
ing Africans, or purchasing them out of slave ships, or knowingly
from those who may have previously bought them, shall suffer
the punishment of death, and such captured persons to be dis-
posed of in such manner as may be hereafter prescribed by con-
gress; Provided, That this article .shall not be construed to pro-
hibit emigrants from bringing their slaves into the country, and
that no free people of color shall ever be admitted to reside in the
republic after the ratification of this constitution.
On motion of Mr. Rusk,
The resolution was referred to the committee to draft the con-
stitution.
On motion of Mr. Menifee,
The Convention adjourned till to-morrow morning at nine
o’clock.
(874)