56
Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
On motion of Mr. Childress, the same was referred to the com-
mitte on military affairs.
On motion of Mr. Potter,
Resolved, That all persons (slaves and Indians excepted) residing
in Texas, on the day of the declaration of independence, shall be
considered as citizens of the republic, and entitled to all the privil-
eges as such. The citizens of Texas shall be entitled to, and are here-
by confirmed in their lands, in the following manner and propor-
tions, viz: every man of family shall be entitled to a league and
a labor of land, and every single man, of the age of twenty-one
years, shall be entitled to a third of a league of land; which several
portions of land, the persons entitled to the same, shall. be privi-
leged to locate on any vacant lands; and all citizens now settled in
Texas, shall, in the location of their lands, be entitled to include
their settlement in preference over all other persons or claims, what-
ever; except those from whom such settler may have received his
settlement, by rent or lease; and it shall not be obligatory on the
settler, to live on his land, but he shall have the lines plainly
marked.
And, whereas, there is good reason to believe that many fraud-
ulent grants of land, or grants the condition of which have never
been complied with, have been located in Texas: therefore,
Be it ordained, that the first congress which shall convene under
the constitution, shall- establish such tribunals as it in their wis-
dom may think proper to adjudicate and determine, without the
right of appeal or future litigation, the validity of the above men-
tioned grants; provided, however, that in no case whatsoever, shall
any of the above mentioned grants interfere with the actual settler,
in the occupancy of the land, or being a citizen of Texas, may
rightfully claim it as his head right, under this constitution, or the
colonization laws of the Mexican government.
Provided, that nothing herein contained, shall deprive any citi-
zen of Texas of rights already vested by the laws of the land. It
shall be the duty of congress to provide for the volunteers who
have so faithfully served Texas in the field, or who may hereafter
serve against the enemy, by ’setting apart so much of the most
valuable portions of the public lands, as will answer that purpose.
In the event of the death, without will, of any person entitled to
land under the constitution, or the colonization laws of Mexico,
his children, or next of kin, shall inherit his land, each and every
person holding or claiming land in Texas, either in their own
name or by agent, within six months from the date of the declara-
tion of independence, become citizens of this republic; and reside
during the war, within the limits of Texas, unless absent on pub- •
lie business, or on leave according to law; and in every case of
failure to comply with this requirement, the individual so failing
shall forfeit to the republic all interest, right and title, in and to,
( 876 )