Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
57
all lands within the limits of Texas, whether’ claimed or owned
in their own, name, or by agent; nor shall any alien ever hold land
within the limits of Texas, whether claimed or owned in their
own name, or by agent.
On motion of Mr. Menifee, the preamble and proviso was laid
on the table.
Mr. Bunton, chairman of the committee appointed to inquire
into, and report upon, the condition of the army, number of of-
ficers, and privates, &e., made the following report:
Your committee, to whom was referred the present situation of
the army, and the quantity of public stores, and munitions of
war, now on hand, and where deposited, report,' that under pres-
ent circumstances, your committee cannot obtain the requisite in-
formation to enable them to make a report correct, in all its de-
tails, they therefore submit the following, for the information of
the house, viz:
The number of officers now in commission are as follows:
One Major General; one Adjutant General; and the appointment
of the other officers of the staff of the Major General, to-wit: one
Inspector General; one Quarter Master General; one Pay Master
General; one Surgeon General, and four Aid-de-Camps; we cannot
ascertain.
The officers of the regular army consist of
INFANTRY—One Colonel; one Lieutenant Colonel; one Major;
Captains, ten in number; first Lieutenants, ten; second Lieuten-
ants, ten.
ARTILLERY.—One Colonel; one first Lieutenant Colonel; one sec-
ond Lieutenant Colonel; one Major; one second Major; Captains,
ten; first Lieutenants, ten; second Lieutenants, ten; third Lieu-
tenants, nine.
CAVALRY.—One Lieutenant Colonel; one Major; Captains, six;
first Lieutenants, six; .second Lieutenants, six; Cornets, six.
RANGERS.—One Major; three Captains; three first Lieutenants,
and three second Lieutenants.
VOLTNTEER OFFIOERS.—One Colonel; one Lieutenant Colonel;
and one Major; two Captains; one first and one second Lieuten-
ants.
Your committee will observe, that from the returns herewith
submitted, they find that one individual holds the rank of colonel
in the artillery, and also colonel in the volunteer service.
Of the regular army, there appears to be sixty privates; thirty
infantry are stationed at Goliad, and thirty cavalry at the fortress
of Bexar.
Of the volunteer army, there are 390 at Goliad, commanded by
Colonels Fannin and Ward, and Major Mitchell; and 130 at Bexar,
under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Travis.
(877)