62
Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
Mr. Carson asked and obtained leave to be excused from serving
on the committee proposed to be raised.
Whereupon the president appointed Messrs. Potter, Everett and
Fisher, of Matagorda, said committee.
On motion of Mr. Childress, the house again took up the report
of the committee of the whole upon the constitution.
On motion of Mr. Carson, after the words, “'divided into,” the
words “three departments,” and shall forever remain separate and
distinct, were inserted in article third, section first.
SECTION 22. On motion of Mr. Menifee, after the words “enacted
by," the Avoids “the senate and house of representatives of the;
were inserted.
Sec. 5. On motion of Mr. Childress, after the words “shall be;
33
93
the words “not less than,” were inserted.
Sec. 6. On motion of Mr. Rusk, the word, “November,” was
stricken out, and the word “December” inserted.
Sec. 10. On motion of Mr. Rusk, the latter clause was stricken
out, and the following inserted, to wit: “And report the same to
the senate, within ten days after the next congress may be con-
vened, and if the senate shall reject the same, the president shall
not renominate the same person for the same office.”
The president presented the resignation of John Adraham Hizer,
as door-keeper, which was read and received.
Mr. Potter from the special committee on naval affairs, asked
leave to report, which he did.
On motion of Mr. Rusk, the report was referred back to the same
committee.
On motion of Mr. Parmer, the house adjourned till to-morrow
morning, nine o’clock.
FRIDAY, MARCH 10, 1836.
The convention met pursuant to adjournment.
The president laid before the house a communication from Mr.
Samuel St. John, Jun.
On motion of Mr. Rusk, Resolved, by the convention of the peo-
ple of Texas, that the thanks of this convention, for themselves,
and upon the part of the people of Texas, be presented to Mr.
Samuel St. John, Jun., for the liberal donation of five thousand
dollars, which he has made to our cause, by his letter dated at Mo-
bile, on the 22nd day of February, last.
Resolved, That the president of this convention communicate to
Mr. St. John, a copy of this resolution, with a suitable acknowl-
edgment to the generous donor.
And the question being taken, it was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. Parmer moved that Mr. A. G. Briscoe, from the municipality
(882 )