Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
63
of Harrisburg, be invited to take a seat in this convention, as a
delegate from said municipality. And the question being put by
the chair, it was decided in the affirmative.
On motion of Mr. Rusk, that the rule of the house to prevent
any further business being taken up, until the completion of the
constitution, without the concurrence of two-thirds of the house
be suspended.
And the motion being taken on suspending the rule, and taking
up the ordinance in relation to the militia, and physical force of
the country; and the question having been put by the chair, it was
unanimously agreed to, and then, on motion of Mr. Rusk, that the
same be referred to a select committee of three;
And the question being put by the chair, it was agreed to; where-
upon,
The president appointed Messrs. Rusk, Thomas, and Benton,
said committee.
On motion of Mr. Carson,
The original Declaration of Independence was produced by the.
secretary, and signed by James B. Woods and A. Briscoe.
The convention then proceded to the orders of the day upon the
.constitution; Mr. Thomas in the chair.
Article 3, sec. 14. On motion of Mr. Carson, strike out the whole
of said section, and insert in lieu thereof;
“The president shall have power by and with the advice and con-
sent of the senate, to appoint a secretary of state, and such other
heads of executive departments as may be established by law;”
And the question being put by the chair, it was decided in the
affirmative.
Sec. 15. On motion of Mr. Gasiev, strike out the whole section,
and insert in lieu thereof: a division of the question was called
for on striking out, and decided in the affirmative.
The question then recurred on inserting, and was decided in the
affirmative. “Every citizen of the republic who has attained the
age of twenty-one years, and resides at least six months within the
district or county where the election is held, shall be entitled to
vote for members of the general congress.”
Mr. Barmer moved to strike out “twenty-one;” and the question
being taken thereon, it was decided in the negative.
The yeas and nays being demanded by the number required by
the rule of the convention;
Those who voted in the affirmative are Mr. Barnett of Austin,
Bowers, Bunton, Childress, Clark, Crawford, Goodrich, Lacy, Le-
grand, Menifee, Motley, Parmer, Pennington, Robertson, Rusk,
Stepp, Twiner, Waller.
Sec. 18. Those who voted in the negative are
Mr. President, Blount, Brigham, Briscoe, Barnett of Washington,
Collinsworth, Carson, Conrad, Everett, Fisher of Gonzales, Fisher
( 883 )