64
Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
of Matagorda, Gasley, Hardin, Hamilton, Hardiman, Latimer, Mc-
Kinney, Moore, Maverick, Potter, Powers, Roberts, Swisher, Smith,
Scates, Thomas, Taylor, West,—28.
Mr. Carson moved the further amendment: “Provided, however,
all young men, of the age of eighteen years and upwards, who shall
have served faithfully in the present war for independence, shall be
entitled to vote in the county in which they reside, for members of
the general congress, upon their producing certificates of such faith-
ful service.”
And the question being taken thereon, it was decided in the nega-
tive.
On motion of Mr. Gasley, the convention adjourned until two
o’clock, P. M.
two o’clock, p. m.
The convention met pursuant to adjournment.
On motion of Mr. Potter, that John Abram Keiser, door-keeper
of the convention, have leave of absence; and that Joshua Canter be
appointed to fill the vacancy.
And the question being taken thereon, it was decided in the af-
firmative.
Sec. 16. On motion of Mr. Barnett, of Washington, that the
blank be filled “by ballot:”
And the question being taken thereon, it was decided in the af-
firmative.
Mr. Potter, chairman of the committee on naval affairs, asked
leave to make the following report: and to enable the committee to
make their report, he would move that the rules be suspended, for
the purpose of enabling the convention to act upon the report.
And the question being taken thereon, it was decided in the af-
firmative. Whereupon,
The report was read, and on motion of Mr. Potter, it was re-
ceived and adopted.
The 7th section of the constitution being under consideration,
and on motion of Mr. Ellis, the same was stricken out.
The 8th section being under consideration, on motion of Mr.
Carson, the same was stricken out.
The 12th section being under consideration, Mr. Briscoe moved
to strike out the same;
And the question being taken thereon, it was decided in the nega-
tive.
The 13th section being under consideration, Mt. Grimes moved
to strike out “six hundred and twenty-five,” and insert “nine hun-
dred:”
And the question being taken thereon, it was decided in the
affirmative.
(884)