68
Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
gave up the comforts and security of his home to bring to their aid
a gallant band of his countrymen; and whilst courageously engaged
among the storming columns that led the attack on San Antonio
received a musket ball in his body, of which he is since dead.
Resolved, That the memory of Capt. John W. Peacock deserves
to be held in sacred remembrance by the people of Texas, and while
they deplore his lamented death, they are not insensible to the obli-
gation of making provision for his family; therefore, Be it resolved
by the delegates of the people of Texas in general convention assem-
bled and it is hereby ordered by authority of the same, That the
wife and children of said John W. Peacock or their agent be and is
hereby authorized to locate a league and labor of land, on any va-
cant lands of the Republic of Texas, to be held and divided by and
between his wife and children, according to the laws of descent of
the State of Tennessee: and
Be it further resolved by the authority aforesaid That—David
Murphy be and is hereby appointed agent for & in behalf of the
widow & children of said Capt Jno. W. Peacock with full power and
authority to take possession of the papers, property, money and ef-
fects left by him the said Peacock in Texas, and preserve the same
for the benefit of his family.”
Which on motion was adopted.
On motion of Mr. Barnett this resolution was directed to be print-
ed in the public papers of Texas, and the town of Shelbyville in the
State of Tennessee of the U. S. of A.
On motion of Mr. Rusk the rule of the house
was suspended to
take up the ordinance
as reported by the com. of the whole, to or-
ganize the physical forces.
The ordinance was taken up, and on motion of Mr. Potter the
words “free persons of color” were stricken out of the exception in
Section 1.
Mr. Potter introduced a resolution to amend -the 2nd section as
follows by adding the words “making in separate columns the names
of Mexicans, and those of other persons within the municipalities
of Nacogdoches, Bexar, Refugio, and San Patricio,” and on the
question being taken, it was decided in the negative.
Mr. Potter introduced the following as an amendment to section
2nd to-wit: “Provided that whenever the militia of any munici-
pality may be embodied for the public service, the white men shall
be organized in separate companies and have the entire control of
the election of their officers.”
Mr. Rusk offered the following in lieu of Mr. Potter’s amend-
ment which was accepted by him, towit: “Provided that in the
municipality of Nacogdoches there shall be one additional individ-
ual appointed, whose duty it shall be to make out separate, the
names of all natives therein liable to serve, and that they when
(888 )