Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
71
Resolved that a Com. of five he appointed as a standing Com.
of finance; which was accepted.
Whereupon the president appointed Messrs. Collinsworth, Gaz-
ley, Hamilton, Childress and Goodrich.
Mr. Brigham introduced the following resolution:
Resolved by this Convention that a National hank he founded,
and that the provisional government when formed may grant a
charter to that effect: which was laid on the table under the rule
of the house.
On motion of Mr. Parmer the house took a recess till the hour
of two o’clock.
two o’clock, P. M.
The Convention met and was called to order by the President.
Mr. Parmer chairman of the Com. on the constitution asked and
obtained leave to make a further report on the Constitution: the
same on motion was received.
Mr. Parmer chairman of the Constitution Com. asked that the
Com. be discharged; which was granted.
On motion, the report of the Com. made on the Constitution to-
day was taken up and read.
On motion of Mr. Gazley the house resolved itself into a Com.
of the whole upon the Constitution. Mr. Gazley in the chair.
On motion of Mr. Potter the committee rose, reported progress
and asked leave to sit again: which was granted.
Mr. Carson introduced the following resolution:
Resolved That a standing committee of five on naval affairs be
appointed to draw up and forward all necessary instructions and
orders for the government of the officers of our navy; and the
chairman thereof is hereby empowered to sign all communica-
tions in his official character as chairman; and which instructions
and orders when agreed on by the committee, and so signed, shall
be binding on the officers to whom directed. It shall be the fur-
ther duty of said chairman to make out Copies of all such com-
munications and file them with the Secretary of this Convention
for the use of the government: which was adopted.
Whereupon the President appointed Messrs. S. Rhoades Fisher,
Chairman, Hamilton, Zavala, Gazley and Carson.
The Standing Committee on Naval affairs by their Chairman
S. R. Fisher reported that they had appointed and commissioned
the following persons officers in the naval sendee of Texas, towit:
George Wheelright, Captain to schooner Liberty; Charles Haw-
kins, Captain to schooner Independence Jeremiah Brown captain
to schooner Invincible; William A. Hurd, Captain to schooner
Brutus; Arthur Robertson, Captain of Marines.' All bearing date
the 12th of March 1836.—Also that they had forwarded letters
(891 )