72
Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
of instructions to said officers, copies of which were retained and
filed with the Secretary of this Convention.
On motion of Mr. Gazley the Convention adjourned until to-
morrow morning 9 o’clock.
MONDAY, March 14, 1836.
Convention met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Carson asked leave to be excused from serving on the Naval
committee, which request was granted; and the President appoint-
ed Mr. Waller to fill the vacancy.
On motion of Mr. Powers, Resolved that a government brand .
be adopted, which will be placed on all horses, mules, oxen, carts, wag-
gons and other property of the Republic, as the nature of the case
may be; and it is hereby made the duty of the officers in charge of
such property, to see the same carried into effect.
On motion of Mr. Potter the same was referred to the Commit-
tee on State affairs.
On motion of Mr. Everett the house resolved itself into a com-
mittee of the whole on the Constitution. Mr. Everett in the chair;
and after some time spent therein, on motion of Mr. Gazley the
committee rose.
Whereupon Mr. Everett reported that the committee of the
whole had had under their consideration the report of the commit-
tee on the Constitution and had instructed him to report progress,
and ask leave to sit again; which report was received and agreed to.
On motion of Mr. Gazley the Convention adjourned until two
o’clock, P. M.
TWO O’CLOCK, P. M.
The Convention met pursuant to adjournment.
■ On motion of Mr. Potter, Resolved, that a committee of five be
appointed to draft a provision for the constitution on the subject of
lands: and the question being taken thereon, it was decided in the
affirmative.
Whereupon the President appointed Messrs. Potter, Carson, Chil-
dress, Fisher and Coleman.
The President laid before the Convention a communication from
Mr. Wm. S. Fisher, collector at Velasco, which was read, and on mo-
tion of Mr. Potter referred to the com. on Naval affairs.
The President laid before the Convention the report of the audit-
or of public accounts, which are as follows, towit:
"Washington, March 7, 1836.
The Honb. Prest. & members of the Convention. In conformity
with the existing laws, I beg leave to report the amount of the
( 892 )