78
Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
compensation for their services, but shall be exempt from Military
duty for the time being:—which was on motion laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. Carson the Convention proceeded to the con-
sideration of that part of the Constitution reported by the commit-
tee to which was referred the same.
On motion of Mr. Carson the Select Committee to whom was
referred the Constitution had leave to withdraw for the purpose of
consummating their labors on the same.
The preamble being first read Mr. Potter moved to strike out the
word “civil:” and the question being taken thereon was decided in
the affirmative.
Third section being under consideration, Mr. Grimes moved to
strike out the “first Mondayin October” and insert “first Monday
in September.” And the question being taken thereon was decided
in the affirmative.
On motion of Mr. Rusk, the section was further amended by add-
ing “until Congress shall otherwise provide by law.”—
The fourth Section being under consideration, Mr. Power moved
to strike out “21” and insert “25”—and the question was taken on
striking out.
The yeas and nays being called for by the requisite number, it was
decided in the affirmative. Yeas 22—Nays 18.—Those who voted
in the affirmative are: Mr. President, Brigham, Everett, Fisher, of
Matagorda, Lacy, Latimer, Menefee, Hardiman, Hardin, McKin-
ney, Roberts, Stepp, Scates, Smyth, Taylor, Turner, West.
Those who voted in the negative are—Messrs. Barnett, of Wash-
ington, Bowers, Briscoe, Bunton, Carson, Conrad, Crawford, Cole-
man, Fisher, of Gonzales, Grimes, Legrand, Mottley, Potter, Par-
mer, Robertson, Rusk, Thomas, Zavala.—18.
The fifth section being under consideration—Mr. Rusk moved to
strike out “forty” and insert “fifty.” And the question being taken
thereon was decided in the negative.
The seventh section being under consideration, Mr. Thomas
moved to strike out the word “proviso” of the section: and the ques-
tion being taken, it was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. Rusk moved to strike out “Indians and free negroes except-
ed,” after the word “population,” and the question being taken was
decided in the affirmative.
The Eighth section being under consideration, Mr. Potter moved
to strike out the word “thirty” and insert “twenty”—and the ques-
tion being taken was decided in the negative.
The Ninth to the twenty-seventh being read were unanimously
adopted.
Article Second, Section 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th and fifth having been
read,
Mr. Rusk moved to add Sec. 3rd that “Congress shall have power
to grant charters of incorporation, and to grant patents and copy
(898 )