Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
79
rights”—and the question being taken was decided in the affirma-
tive.
Article third—Fifth Section being under consideration—Mr. Le-
grand moved to strike out the word “three” and insert “two”—and
the question being taken was decided in the negative.
Mr. Parmer moved to strike out “thirty five” and insert “thirty”
and the question being taken was decided in the negative.
The Seventh section being under consideration, Mr. Potter moved
to fill the blank as follows, “I, A. B. president of the Republic of
Texas do solemnly swear (or affirm as the case may be) that I will
faithfully execute the duties of my office, and to the best of my
abilities preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the Re-
public, so help me God,” and the question being taken was decided
in the affirmative.
Article fourth. The eighth section being under consideration
Mr. Potter moved to add “provided no judge shall sit upon a cause
determined by him in .the Court below;” and the question being
taken was
* *
decided in the affirmative.
*
*
*
*
$$$
On motion of Mr. Gazley it was Resolved that Colonel Daniel
Pitman be authorized as assistant quarter-master to furnish sup-
plies to the volunteers and regulars who are preparing to march
to the head quarters of the Texian army.
Mr. Rusk Chairman of the select committee upon the Consti-
tution reported by resolution:
Resolved that the Constitution so far as reported be read over
carefully, section by section, with a reasonable pause between, so
that each member of the Convention may take his memorandums
by sections first; and that it be again read by sections for adoption.
The Constitution being under consideration— * * * On mo-
tion of Mr. Rusk, Resolved that a committee of three be immedi-
ately appointed to draw copies of the late act organising the
militia and that the President of this body issue his orders under
the provisions of that act ordering out one third of the militia:”
which was adopted; and thereupon the President appointed Messrs.
Carson, Collinsworth and Childress said committee.
On motion of Mr. Powers Resolved that a select committee of
two be appointed to superintend expresses:—The President ap-
pointed Messrs. Parmer and Waller said Committee.
On motion of Mr. Rusk the Convention adjourned till 9 o’clock
to-morrow morning.
HALF PAST SEVEN o’OLOCK, P. M.
The convention by unanimous consent proceeded to business.
Art. 4th Section eleventh being under consideration—Mr. -------
moved to add “no new county shall be laid off unless it be done
upon the petition of one hundred free male inhabitants of the
(899)