82
Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
ceive, and dispose of as the exigencies of circumstances may re-
quire any and all public property, whether money, provisions,
horses, waggons, and teams, arms and other munitions of war to be
found within the Municipalities of Nacogdoches, or of San Augus-
tine, giving the corresponding receipts, and that he be also: fully
authorized within the said municipalities to make requisitions for,
and if need be to press into the public Service, such provisions,
horses, waggons and teams, arms and other munitions of Avar not
the property of the public, as may be needful for the efficient
equipment and sustenance of the army, or any portion thereof,
rendering the proper vouchers to individuals and being accounta-
ble to the Government for what he may do in pursuance of this
Constitution.—Which was adopted.
On motion the Convention adjourned till 9 o’clock tomorrow
morning.
THURSDAY, March 17th, 1836.
The Convention met pursuant to adjournment.—Mr. Turner
chairman of the Select Committee to whom was refered the sub-
ject of the Condition of families that were compelled to retreat
from beyond San Antonio and Guadalupe, asked leave to report.
The Committee to whom was refered the Resolution to take into
consideration the condition of the families compelled to retreat
from beyond the San Antonio and Guadalupe to seek protection
from their fellow countrymen to the East, beg leave to report as
follows.
That there are a number of families who have been compelled
to retreat into the Colonies to the east, and many of them unable
to provide for themselves.
Resolved therefore; that any contracting or other agent of the
Government who may have provisions, Clothing, or any other neces-
saries they may require, shall supply them with the same, at the
expense of said Government.—And on motion of Mr. Turner the
report was received.
Mr. Menefee introduced the following in lieu thereof.—Resolved,
that it shall be the duty of the Executive Government to provide
for those who may be, or have been drove from their homes by the
invading enemy.—And the question being taken thereon, it was de-
cided in the Negative.
Mr. Turner moved for the adoption of the report of the com-
mittee, and the question being taken thereon, it was decided in the
affirmative.
On motion of Mr. Childress Col. Robert Triplett explained the
nature of the loan made by the agents of the Republic in New Or-
leans, which he done at some length and great satisfaction.
( 902 )