Laws of the Republic of Texas.
33
thereon, and what dispositions have been made of the proceeds of
the same.
Sec. 6. Be it further enacted, That said commissioners are
hereby authorised to negotiate two millions of dollars of said bonds
redeemable in a less time than thirty, but not for a shorter period
than five years.
Sec. 7. Be it further enacted, That if any bank or banks shall
become the purchaser, or purchasers, of any portion of said bonds,
then and in that case, said commissioners are hereby authorised to
stipulate that the notes of said bank or banks shall be received at
par, in payment of all public dues of this republic, to the amount
of their loan or purchase of said bonds, so long as said bank or
banks continue solvent and specie paying; and if any bank or banks
become the purchaser or purchasers of any portion of said bonds,
the said commissioners shall specify on the face of said bond or
bonds, that they are redeemable and payable in the notes of said
bank or banks.
Sec. 8. Be it further enacted, That if any bank or banks which
may purchase said bond or bonds, or any portion of them shall fail,
stop payment, or refuse to redeem its or their notes with specie,
then and in that case the government of Texas shall have the privi-
lege of terminating the loan with said bank at any time, by a pay-
ment of the principal and interest of the same.
Sec. 9. Be it further enacted, That said commissioners are
hereby authorised to give to the purchasers of said bonds the
privilege of at any time taking the amount of their loans or pur-
chases in land, at the minimum government price; or if the public
lands are sold at auction, that said lenders or purchasers shall be
allowed to- bid, and pay the amount of their bids with any of such
bonds as they may have purchased.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That for the punctual pay-
ment of the interest, and final redemption of said bonds, the publie
faith is hereby solemnly pledged; and also all the proceeds of the
sales of the public domain; and also all the taxes on lands which
may accrue to this government after the year 1838, are hereby re-
served and appropriated for that special purpose.
IRA INGRAM,
Speaker of the house of representatives.
MIRABEAU B. LAMAR,
President of the senate.
Approved, Nov. 18, 1836.
SAM. HOUSTON.
( 1093 )