Laws of the Republic of Texas.
35
Art. 1. Any officer or soldier, who shall use contemptuous or
disrespectful language towards the president of the republic,
against the vice president or congress thereof, if a commissioned
officer, shall be cashiered or otherwise punished, as a court martial
shall direct; if a non-commissioned officer, or soldier, he shall suf-
fer such punishment as shall be inflicted on him by the sentence
of a court martial.
Art. 2. Any officer or soldier, who shall behave himself with
contempt or disrespect towards his commanding officer, shall be
punished, according to the nature of his offence, by the judgment
of a court martial.
Art. 3. Any officer or soldier, who shall begin, cause, excite, or
join in any meeting or sedition in any troop or company, in the
service of the republic, or in any party, post, detachment, or guard,
shall suffer death, or such punishment as by a court martial shall
be inflicted.
Art. 4. Any officer, non-commissioned officer, or soldier, who,
being present at any mutiny, or sedition, and does not use his
utmost endeavors to suppress the same, or coming to the knowledge
of any intended mutiny, does not, without delay, give information
thereof to his commanding officer, shall be punished by the sentence
of a court martial with death, or otherwise, according to the nature
of his offence.
Art. 5. Any officer, or soldier, who shall strike his superior
officer, or lift any weapon, or offer any violence against him, be-
ing in the execution of his office, on any pretence whatever, or shall
disobey any lawful command of his superior officer, shall suffer
death, or such other punishment as shall, according to the nature
of his offence, be inflicted upon him by the sentence of a court
martial.
Art. 6. Every non-commissioned. officer, or soldier, who shall
enlist himself in the regular service of this republic, shall, at the
time of his enlisting, or within six days afterwards, have the ar-
ticles for the government of the armies of the republic read to him,
and shall, by the officer who enlisted him, or by the commanding
officer of the troop or company in which he was enlisted, be taken
before the next civil or chief magistrate of any city or town cor-
porate, not being an officer of the army; or where recourse cannot
be had to the civil magistrate, before the judge advocate; and in
his presence shall take the following other or affirmation: “I,
do solemnly swear or affirm, (as the case
may be,) that I will bear true allegiance to the republic of Texas,
(1095 )