36
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
and that I will serve her honestly and faithfully against all her
enemies, or opposers whatsoever, and observe and obey the orders
of the president of the republic, and the officers appointed over
me, according to the rules and articles for the government of the'
armies of the republic:” Which justice, magistrate, or judge ad-
vocate, is to give the officer a certificate, stating that the man en-
listed did take the oath or affirmation.
Abt. 7. After a non-commissioned officer or soldier shall have
been duly enlisted and sworn, he shall not be dismissed the service
without a discharge in writing; and no discharge granted to him
shall be sufficient which is not signed by the field officer of the regi-
ment to, which he belongs; or commanding officer, when no field
officer of the regiment is present; and no discharge shall be given
to a non-commissioned officer, or soldier, before his term of service
shall have expired, but by order of the president, the secretary of
war, the commanding officer of a department, or the sentence of a
general court martial.; nor shall a commissioned officer be dis- •
charged but by order of the president of the republic, or by order
of a general court martial.
Abt. 8. Every colonel or officer commanding a regiment, troop,
or company, and actually quartered with it, may give furloughs to
non-commissioned officers and soldiers in such numbers, and for
such a length of time, as he shall judge to be most consistent with
the good of the service; and a captain or other inferior officer,
commanding a troop or company, or in any garrison, fort, or bar-
rack of the republic, (his field officer being absent,) may give fur-
loughs to non-commissioned officers or soldiers, for a term not
exceeding twenty days in six months; but not to more than two
persons to be absent at the same time, excepting some extraordinary
occasion should require it.
Abt. 9. At every muster the commanding officer of each regi-
ment, troop, or company, there present, shall give to the inspector
general, or other officer, who musters said regiment, troop,
or company, certificates, signed by himself, signifying how
long such officers as shall not appear at said muster have been
absent, and the reason of their absence. In like manner every
commanding officer of every troop or company, shall give certifi-
cates, signifying the reasons of the absence of the non-commis-
sioned officers, and private soldiers, which reasons and time of
absence shall be inserted in the muster rolls, opposite the respect-
ive names of the absent officers and soldiers. The certificates
shall, together with the muster rolls, be transmitted by the inspec-
( 1096 )