Laws of the Republic of Texas.
37
tor general, or other officer mustering, to the secretary of war, as
speedily as the distance of the place will admit.
Art. 10. Every officer, who shall be convicted before a general
court martial, of having signed a false certificate, relating to the
absence of either officer or private soldier, or relative to his or
their pay, shall be cashiered.
Art. 11. Every officer who shall make, knowingly, a false mus-
ter roll of man or horse, and every officer or inspector general who.
shall willingly sign, direct, or allow the signing of muster rolls,
wherein such false muster is contained, shall, upon proof made by
two witnesses, before a general court martial, be cashiered; and
shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any office or em-
ployment in the service of the republic.
Art. 12. Any officer who shall presume to muster a person as
a soldier, who is not a soldier, shall be deemed guilty of having
made a false muster, and shall suffer accordingly.
Art. 13. Any officer who shall, knowingly, make a false return
to the department of war, or to any of his superior officers, author-
ised to call for such returns of the state of the regiment, troop,
company, or garrison, under his command, or of the arms, ammu-
nition, and clothing or other stores thereunto belonging, shall, on
conviction thereof before a court martial, be cashiered.
Art. 14. The commanding officer of every regiment, troop, or
independent company, or garrison of the republic, shall, in the be-
ginning of every month, remit, through the proper channels, to
the department of war, an exact return of the regiment, troop, in-
dependent company, or garrison, under his command, specifying
the names of the officers then absent from their posts, with the
reasons for, and the time of their absence. And any officer who
shall be convicted of having, through neglect or design, omitted
sending such returns, shall be punished according to the nature of
the offence, by the sentence of a general court martial.
Art. 15. All officers and soldiers who have received pay, or
have been duly enlisted in the service of the republic, and shall
be convicted of having deserted the same, shall suffer death, or
other punishment, as by sentence of a court martial shall be de-
creed.
Art, 16. Any non-commissioned officer, or soldier, who shall,
without leave from his commanding officer, absent himself
from his troop, company, or detachment, shall, upon being con-
victed thereof, be punished according to the nature of his offence,
( 1097 )