Laws of the Republic of Texas.
41
shall be convicted at a regimental court martial, of having sold,
or designedly, or through neglect, wasted the ammunition delivered
out to trim, to be employed in the service of the republic, shall be
punished at the discretion of such court.
Abt. 32. Every officer who shall be convicted, before a court
martial, of having embezzled or misapplied any money with which
he may have been entrusted, for the payment of the men under
his command, or for enlisting men into the service, or for other
purposes, if a commissioned officer, shall be cashiered, and com-
pelled to refund the money; if a non-commissioned officer, shall
be reduced to the ranks, be put under stoppages until' the money
be made good, and suffer such corporeal punishment as such court
martial shall direct.
Art. 33. Every captain of a company is charged with the arms
and accoutrements, ammunition, clothing, or other warlike stores,
belonging to the troop or company under his command, which
he is to be accountable for to his colonel, in case of their being lost,
spoiled and damaged, not by unavoidable accidents, or on actual
service.
Art. 34. No officer or soldier shall be out. of his quarters, garri-
son, or camp, without leave from the superior officer, upon penalty
of being punished according to the nature of his offence, by the
sentence of a court martial.
Art. 35. Every non-commissioned officer and soldier shall re-
tire to his quarters or tent at the beating of retreat, in default of
which he shall be punished according to the nature of his offence,
by the sentence of a court martial.
Art. 36. No officer, non-commissioned officer, or soldier, shall
fail in repairing to the place of parade, of exercise, or other rendez-
vous, appointed by his commanding officer, if not prevented by
sickness or some other evident necessity, or shall go from the said
place of rendezvous without leave from his commanding officer,
before he shall be regularly relieved or dismissed, on the penalty
of being punished according to the nature of his offence, by the
sentence of a court martial.
Art. 37. Any commissioned officer who shall be found drunk on
his post, shall be cashiered. Any non-commissioned officer or sol-
dier so offending, shall suffer such corporeal punishment as shall
be inflicted by the sentence of a court martial.
Art. 38. Any sentinel who shall be found sleeping upon his
post, or shall leave it before he shall be regularly relieved, shall
suffer death, or such other punishment as shall be inflicted by the
sentence of a court martial.
(1101)