44
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
confined to the most elevated branch of military science, they are
not to assume, nor are they subject to be ordered on any duty be-
yond the line of their profession, except by the special order of the
president of the republic, but they are to receive every mark of re-
spect to which their rank in the army may entitle them respectively,
and are liable to be transferred at the pleasure of the president,
from one corps to another, regard being had to rank.
Art. 54. General courts martial may consist of any number
of commissioned officers, from five to thirteen, inclusive, but they
shall not consist of less than thirteen, when that number can be
convened without manifest injury to the service.
Art. 55. Any general officer commanding an army, or colonel
commanding a separate department, may appoint general courts
martial whenever necessary. But no sentence of a court martial
shall be carried into execution until after the whole proceedings
shall have been laid before the officers ordering the same, or the
officer commanding the troops for the time being: neither shall
any sentence of a general court martial in time of peace, extending
to the loss of life, dismission of a commissioned officer, or which in
a time of peace or war, respecting a general officer, be carried into
execution until after the whole proceedings shall have been trans-
mitted to the secretary of war, to be laid before the president of
the republic for his confirmation or disapproval; and orders in the
case of all other sentences may be confirmed and executed by the
officer ordering the court to assemble, or the commanding officer
for the time being, as the case may be.
Art. 56. Whenever a general officer commanding an army, or
a colonel commanding a separate detachment, shall be the prose-
cutor or accuser of any officer in the army of the republic, under
his command, the general court martial for the trial of such officer
shall be appointed by the president of the republic.
Art. 57. The proceedings and sentence of said court shall
be sent directly to the secretary of war, to be by him laid before
the president for his' confirmation or approval, or orders in the
case.
Art. 58. Every officer commanding a regiment or corps
may appoint courts martial, to consist of three commissioned
officers' for the trial and punishment of offences not capital, and
decide upon their' sentences. For the same purposes, all officers
commanding any garrisons, forts, barracks, and other places,
(1104)