46
Laivs of the Republic of Texas.
authority, until it shall be duly disclosed by the same: so help von
God.”
Abt. 61. When a prisoner, arraigned before a general court
martial, shall, from obstinacy and deliberate design, stand mute,
or answer foreign to the purpose, the court may proceed to trial
and judgment, as if the prisoner had regularly pleaded not guilty.
Abt. 63. When a member shall be challenged by a prisoner,
he must state his cause of challenge of which the court shall, after
due deliberation, determine the validity or relevancy, and decide
accordingly; and no challenge to more than one member at a time,
shall be received by the court.
Abt. 63. All members of a court martial are to behave with
decency and calmness, and in giving their votes shall begin with
the youngest in commission.
Abt. 64. All persons who give evidence before a court martial
are to be examined on oath or affirmation, in the following form:
"You swear or affirm (as the case may be,) the evidence you shall
give, in the case now in hearing, shall be the truth, the whole truth,
and nothing but the truth, so help me God.”
Abt. 65. On the trials of cases, not capital, before courts mar-
tial, the deposition of witnesses, not in line or staff of the army,
may be taken before some justice of the peace, and read in evidence,
provided the prosecutor and person accused are present on taking
the same, or are duly notified thereof.
Abt. 66. No officer shall be tried by a general court matrial,
mor by officers of an inferior rank, if it can be avoided; nor shall any
proceedings or trials be carried on, excepting between the hours of
eight in the morning and three in the afternoon, excepting in cases
which, in the opinion of the officers appointed, the court martial
required immediate example.
Abt. 67. No person whatsoever shall use any name, any gestures,
■or sign in presence of a court martial, or shall cause any disorder or
riot, or disturb their proceedings, in the penalty of being punished
at the discretion of said court martial.
Abt. 68. No officer shall be tried but by a general court martial,
or shall cause any disorder or riot, or disturb their proceedings,
on the penalty of being punished at the discretion of a court
martial.
Abt. 69. Whenever any officer shall be charged with a
crime, he shall be confined to his barracks, quarters, or tent, and
deprived of his sword. by the commanding officer: and any offi-
(1106 )