Laws of the Republic of Texas.
47
cer who shall leave his confinement before he shall be set at lib-
erty by his commanding officer, or by a superior officer, shall be
cashiered. Non-commissioned officers and privates charged with
crimes, shall be confined and tried by a court martial, or released
by a proper authority.
Art. 70. No officer or soldier who shall be put in arrest
shall continue in confinement more than eight days, or such time
as a court martial can be assembled.
Art. 71. No officer commanding any guard, or provost martial
shall refuse to receive or keep any prisoners committed to his
charge by any officer belonging to the forces of the republic, pro-
vided the officer at the same time deliver an account in writing,
signed by himself, of the crime with which the said prisoner is
charged.
Art. 72. No officer commanding a guard, or provost martial
shall presume to release any person committed to his charge with-
out authority for so doing, nor shall he suffer any person to escape
in the penalty of being punished for it by a court martial.
Art. 73. Every officer or provost martial, to whose charge pris-
oners shall be committed, shall, within twenty-four hours after
such committment, or as soon as he shall be relieved from his guard,
make report in writing, to the commanding officer of their names,
their crimes, and the names of the officers who committed them,
on penalty of being punished for disobedience or neglect, at the
discretion of a court martial.
Art. 74. Any commissioned officer convicted before a general
court martial, of conduct unbecoming an officer and a gentlemen,
shall be dismissed the .sendee.
Art. 75. In cases -when a court martial may think it proper
to sentence a commissioned officer to be suspended from command,
they shall have power also to suspend his pay and emoluments for
the same time, according to the nature and heinousness of the of-
fence.
Art. 76. In all cases, when a commissioned officer is cashiered
for cowardice or fraud, it shall be added in the sentence, that the
crime, name and place of abode, and punishment of the delinquent,
be published in the newspapers, in and about the camp, or where he
usually resides, after which it shall be deemed scandalous for an
officer to associate with him.
Art. 77. The commanding officer of any post or detach-
ment, in which there shall not be a number of officers adequate
to form a general court martial, shall, in cases which require the
(1107 )