48
Laws of the liepublic of Texas.
cognizance of such a court, report to the commanding officer of the
department, who shall order a court to be assembled at the nearest
post or detachment, and the party accused, with the necessary wit-
nesses, to be transported to the place where the court shall be as-
sembled.
Abt. 78. No person shall be sentenced to suffer death but by
the concurrence of two-thirds of the members of a general court
martial, nor except in cases herein expressly mentioned; nor shall
more than fifty lashes be inflicted on any offender at the discretion
of a court martial; and no officer, non-commissioned officer'or sol-
dier, or follower of the army, shall be tried a second time for the
same offence.
Abt. 79. No person shall be liable to be tried and punished by
a general court martial for any offence that shall appear to have
been committed more than two years before the issuing of the order
for such trial, unless the person, by reason of having absented him-
self, or some other manifest impediment, shall not have been amen-
able to justice within that period.
Abt. 80. Every officer authorized to order a general court mar-
tial, shall have, power to pardon or mitigate any punishment or-
dered by such court, except the sentence of death, or of cashiering
an officer, which in the cases he has authority (by article 65) to
carry them into execution, he may suspend, until the pleasure of
the president of the republic of Texas can be known; which sus-
pension, together with copies of the proceedings of the court mar-
tial, the said officer shall immediately transmit to the president for
his determination; and the colonel or commanding officer of the
regiment or garrison, where any regimental or garrison court mar-
tial shall be held, may pardon or mitigate any punishment ordered
by such court to be inflicted.
Abt. 81. Every judge advocate, or person officiating as such, at
any general court martial, shall transmit, with as much expedition
as the opportunity of time and distance of place can admit, the orig-
inal proceedings and sentence of such court martial, to the secretary
of war; which said original proceedings and sentence, shall be care-
fully kept, and preserved in the office of said secretary, and that
the persons entitled thereto, may be enabled, upon application to
the said office, to obtain copies thereof.
Abt. 82. The party tried by any general court martial, shall,
upon demand thereof, made by himself, or by any person or persons
in his behalf, be entitled to a copy of the sentence and proceedings
of such court martial.
(1108 )