50
Laws of the R.epublic of Texas.
war, to the end that his executors or administrators may receive
the same.
ART. 88. When any non-commissioned officer or soldier shall
die, or be killed in the service of the republic, the then command-
ing officer of the troops or company shall, in the presence of two
other commissioned officers, take an account of what effects he died
possessed of, above his arms and accoutrements, and transmit the
same to the department of war; which said effects are to be account-
ed for, and paid to the representatives of such deceased non-com-
missioned officer or soldier; and in case any of the officers so author-
ized to take care of the effects of deceased officers and soldiers,
should, before they have accounted to the representatives of the
same, have occasion to leave the regiment or post, by preferment
or otherwise, they shall, before they be permitted to .quit the same,
deposit in the hands of the commanding officer, or of the assistant
military agent, all the effects of such deceased non-commissioned
officers and soldiers, in order that the same may be secured and
paid to their respective representatives.
Abt. 89. All officers, conductors, gunners, matrosses, drivers,
or other persons whatsoever, receiving pay or hire in the corps of
artillery, or engineers of the republic, shall be governed by the
aforesaid rules and articles, and shall be subject to be tried by courts
martial, in like manner with the officers and soldiers of the other
troops in the service of the republic.
Abt. 90. The officers and soldiers of any troops, whether mili-
tia or others, being mustered and in pay of the republic, shall at all
times and in all places, when joined or acting in conjunction with
the regular forces of the republic, be governed by such rules and
articles of war, and shall be subject to be tried by a court martial,
in like manner with the officers and soldiers of the regular forces,
save only that such courts martial shall be composed entirely of
militia officers.
Abt. 91. All crimes not capital, and all disorders and neglects,
which officers and soldiers may be guilty of, to the prejudice of
good order and military discipline, though not mentioned in the
foregoing articles of war, are to be taken cognizance of by a general
or regimental court martial, according to the nature and degree of
the offence, and be punished at their discretion.
Abt. 92. The president of the republic shall have power to pre-
scribe the uniform of the army.
Abt. 93. The foregoing are. to be read and published once
in every two months. to every garrison, regiment, troop, or
(1110)