54
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
require it, to order said corps to any other point than the frontier,,
or to the main army.
Sec. 7. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of the
president to enter into such negotiations and treaties as in his opin-
ion may secure peace to the frontiers; and that he have power to
appoint agents to reside amongst the Indians, and that he be au-
thorized to distribute amongst the different tribes such presents
as he may deem necessary, not to exceed in amount twenty thou-
sand dollars.
Sec. 8. Be it further enacted, That the said corps shall be under
the same rules, regulations, and restrictions of the regular army of
this republic; and should any officer or soldier be found guilty of a
wilful neglect of duty or disobedience of the orders of his superiors,.
he shall be .subject to the usual pains and penalties inflicted
officers and soldiers in the regular army for like offences.
Sec. 9. . Be it further enacted. That should a larger force be
on
ne-
cessary, the president shall be authorized to extend the number so
as not to exceed one regiment, of five hundred and sixty men, rank
and file.
IRA INGRAM,
Speaker of the house of representatives.
RICHARD ELLIS,
President pro tem. of the senate.
Approved, Dec. 5, 1836.
SAM. HOUSTON.
AN ACT,
To provide for the national defence by organizing the Militia. -
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the senate and house of representa-
tives of the republic of Texas in congress assembled, That every
free able bodied male citizen of this republic, resident therein,
who is or shall be of the age of seventeen years, and under the
age of fifty years, (except as hereinafter excepted,) shall seve-
rally and respectively be enrolled in the militia, by the captain
or commanding officer of the company, within whose bounds such
citizens shall reside, and that within twenty days after receiv-
ing this act, with his commission and instructions. And it
shall hereafter be the duty of such captain or commanding officer
of a company. to enrol every such citizen as aforesaid, and all
those who shall from time to time arrive at the age of seventeen
(HU) .