Laws of the Republic of Texas.
55
years, or being of the age of seventeen years and under the age of
fifty years, (except as before excepted,) shall come to reside within
his bounds; and shall within ten days notify such citizen of said
enrollment, by a proper non-commissioned officer of said company,
by whom such notice may be proved. That every citizen so en-
rolled and notified, shall within ten days thereafter provide himself
with a good musket, a sufficient bayonet and belt, six flints, knap-
sack and cartridge box, with twenty-four suitable ball cartridges;
or with a good rifle, yauger, or shot gun, knapsack, shot pouch,
powder horn, fifty balls suitable to the calibre of his gun, and half
a pound of powder, and shall appear so armed, accoutred and pro-
vided, when called out to exercise, or in service; and that said arms,
ammunition, and accoutrements, belonging to a citizen so enrolled,
shall be exempt from all suits, seizures, or sales.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That the vice president of this
republic, the officers, judicial and executive; the members of both
houses of congress, and their officers; all custom house officers, with
their clerks; all post masters, and those employed in carrying the
mail; all ferrymen employed at any ferry on the public road; all
pilots; all mariners actually employed in the sea service; and all
persons who are now or may be hereafter exempted by law, shall be
and are hereby exempted from militia duty.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That the enrolled militia shall be
laid off in divisions, brigades, regiments, battalions, and companies.
The divisions, brigades, and regiments shall be laid off by the presi-
dent, and subject to such changes as he may from time to time
deem expedient. Each division shall consist of two brigades, each
brigade of two regiments, each regiment of two battalions, each bat-
talion of five companies, each company of sixty-four men rank and
file; and that said divisions, brigades, and regiments be numbered
at the formation thereof, and a record made of such numbers in the
adjutant general’s office; and when in the field or in the service of
'the republic, each division, brigade, and regiment, shall respectively
take rank according to their numbers, reckoning the first in num-
ber highest in rank.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That the said militia shall be
officered as follows: To each division, one major general, to be
elected by the field officers of his own division; and two aids-de-
camp, with rank of major, to be appointed by the said major
general. To each brigade, one brigadier general, to be elected
(1115 )