56
Laius of the Republic of Texas.
by the commissioned officers of his brigade; with one brigade in-
spector/ to serve also as brigade major, with the rank of major; one
aid-de-camp/with the rank of captain, to be appointed by said
brigadier general. To each regiment, one colonel, one lieutenant
colonel, and one major, to be elected by the members of said regi-
ment; and to each company, one captain, two lieutenants, four.ser-
geants, four corporals, one drummer, and one fifer or bugler; that
the captains and lieutenants of each company shall be elected by
the members of their respective companies; and that the non-com-
missioned officers and musicians be appointed by the captains of
their respective companies. That there shall be for each regiment,
a regimental staff, to consist of one adjutant and one quarter mas-
ter, to rank as lieutenants; one pay master, one surgeon and assist-
ant surgeon, one serjeant major, one drum major, and one fife
major, to be appointed by the colonel of the same.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of each
major general, upon good cause shown, to order a division court
martial for the trial of general staff and field officers; and when
the trial is complete, he shall approve or disapprove of the pro-
ceedings thereof. He shall receive copies of returns from the
majors of brigades, of their annual reports made to the adjutant
general; and shall receive from the adjutant general copies of requi-
sitions of men, made by government upon his division. He shall,
upon notice of invasion or insurrection, embody as many militia
as he may think adequate to the emergency, notifying in the speed-
iest manner to the president, whose directions and orders he shall
obey. Whenever the major general may choose, he may attend at
any muster or review whatsoever, and give any orders for disciplin-
ing the troops that he may deem expedient.
Sec. 6. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of
the brigadier general to appoint the time of regimental and bat-
talion musters, for the year in which they are to fall; a written
notice of which shall be delivered to the commanding officers )f
regiments, on or before the first day of March in every year.
He shall give orders to summon brigade courts martial, and ap-
point the time and place for their sitting. He shall receive the
proceedings of the said courts, and approve or disapprove of the
sentence thereof. It is his especial duty to receive and sign the
annual returns made by his brigade major; to visit each regi-
ment in his brigade, at least once in a year, on their regimental
muster days, and review them; and whenever he may be present
(1116)