Laws of the Republic of Texas.
57
at any muster in his brigade, to order the training and exercise
thereof, if the occasion, in his opinion, shall require it.
Sec. 7. Be it further enacted, That the commandants of regi-
ments shall receive the written .orders of his general of brigade,
for the times of holding regimental and battalion musters for the
whole year, and shall give a notice in writing thereof to the com-
mandants of battalions, on or before the first day of March in the
year in which they are to fall. It shall be his duty to attend the
regimental and battalion musters and reviews; to exercise his regi-
ment himself on all review days; to superintend and correct the
exercise of the battalion musters, and the company musters when
he may choose so to do. It shall be his duty, at least once in a
year, to receive the returns of commandants of battalions, and
after examining and comparing them with the returns of the pre-
ceding year, and noting any casualties that may have occurred, he
shall sign them in his official capacity, and return them to the
major of brigade. Upon his receiving notice of invasion and in-
surrection, it shall be his duty immediately to embody such force
as he may deem competent for the emergency, and give the earliest
information thereof to the general of division or bridage. And it
shall be his duty to convene the members of his regiment, to elect
proper persons to fill vacancies therein; and he may receive the
resignation of any subordinate officer in his regiment, and shall
appoint regimental courts martial for the trial of officers within
their cognizance, of which the commandant of the regiment shall
approve or disapprove.
Seg. 8. Be it further enacted, it shall be the duty of com-
mandants of battalions to receive the written orders of the com-
mandants of regiments, for the days
on which the regimental and
battalion
give a •
i musters shall be appointed for the year, and
written notice thereof to the commandants of com-
panies, within their respective battalions, on or before the
last day of March in every year. They shall exercise their bat-
talions on their respective days of muster, and when they may be
present at a company muster, they may superintend their exer-
cise if they think proper. They shall receive, examine, and sign
officially, the returns from the commanding officers of compa-
nies, which they shall comprise in a return of their battalion, and
noting any difference that may have occurred, return them to the
adjutant of the regiment, in conformity to their orders. They shall
strictly examine the arms, ammunition, and accoutrements of the
corps of companies composing their battalions, at their several
(1117)