58
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
musters, and shall see that their enrolments and classifications are
correct and according to law.
Sec. 9. Be it further enacted. That the commanding officers of
battalions shall give to those commanding companies, a written
notice of the days on which the regimental and battalion musters
shall fall during that year; to which the said commandants of com-
panies shall add the days appointed for the muster of their com-
panies for the same year; and he shall deliver within five days
afterwards, to wit, by the fifth day of April in every year, a certifi-
cate of the musters so ordered, to the sergeant, whose duty it shall
be to deliver it, or leave it at the abode of each corporal, musician,
and private in the company to which he belongs, a like written
notice, on or before the fifth day of April in each year. Each
commandant of a company shall lay off his men into ten classes,
for an equal routine of duty, and when called upon, he shall begin
with the first. He shall be observant in enrolling all the men
within. his bounds, comprising all who may, from time to time,
settle or inhabit therein, for the space of ten days. It shall be the
duty of the commandant to exercise his company at each of the
musters thereof, agreeably to the rules prescribed by congress; to
inspect their arms, &c., and to make an annual return thereof,
agreeably to the form he may receive, which shall be officially. In
every case the commandants of companies shall receive and exe-
cute the orders of his superior officers, and conform himself to
such military regulations as the service may require.
Sec. 10. Be it further enacted, That all lieutenants, and other
subordinate officers of companies, shall be obedient to and execute
the official orders of their commandant. They are, in particular,
to assist in the exercise and organization of their companies, and
report every defalcation or disobedience in the government and
exercise thereof.
Sec. 11. Be it further enacted, That so much of this law as re-
lates to regimental and battalion musters, shall not require the
militia to attend musters without the counties in which the}’ live:
but where counties shall not compose a regiment, a battalion mus-
ter only shall be required; and where a county shall not compose
a battalion, a company muster shall only be required; provided that
these musters shall be "in the stead of the regimental musters, and
additional to the usual company musters.
Sec. 12. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of
the president, forthwith to appoint one captain and two. lieuten-
(1118)