Laws of the Republic of Texas.
61
may be required, until made public by the proper officer- nor will
you, at any. time, disclose the vote or opinion of any particular
member of this court martial, unless called upon by a court of-jus-
tice to give evidence.” Whereupon the court shall proceed to the
business laid before them, and adjourn from day to day, until it
is finished; of all of which a complete record shall be made, and
signed by the president and judge advocate or recorder, and the
court shall be dissolved. Upon the disclosure" of the opinions or
sentence of any court martial,1 any'person may, according-to this
act, appeal therefrom, by filing a written notice with the officer
to whom the appeal is made, within thirty days after the sentence
is published; whose duty it shall be, to order up before him, the
proceedings of such court for a final decision. Any officer, who
shall have cause of complaint against his superior officer, shall
file with the president, major general, brigadier general, or com-
mandant of a regiment, the charges, certified in form, upon which
an inquiry, or arrest, at discretion of such superior officer, may
be awarded: provided, that from the commencement of an arrest,
a court martial shall be ordered to meet within thirty days, of the
time and place of which the officer arrested shall have at least twenty
days notice. And provided also, that if, upon the meeting of such
court, it shall appear that from the absence of witnesses, inability or
sickness of the parties, or for any good cause shown, a fair and im-
partial trial could not then be had, they may adjourn the court to a
future day, not exceeding six months. A court for assessment
of fines, and receiving the returns of delinquents, shall be held
on the last Monday of November in every year; a field officer of
the regiment for which they are held shall preside; who, with
four captains, four subalterns, the regimental judge advocate, and
an orderly sergeant, may proceed to business; but every commis-
sioned officer in the regiment shall be considered a member of
the court ex-officio. This court is to examine all returns laid be-
fore them; to have the delinquents called, to show cause why
judgment should not be awarded against them, and to deliver
the opinions of the court, in every case, to the judge advocate,
who is hereby directed to make a fair record thereof. This
court shall also have the power of excusing from military duty,
aged and disabled persons during their disability, and to hear
evidence, and to determine the same. This court shall have
power to adjourn from day to day, to compel the attendance of
absent members, and when their business is completed, the presi-
dent and judge advocate shall sign the record of their proceed-
71—vol. r.
(1121)