68
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
the sum of seven dollars and fifty cents; for not giving notice of
musters and courts martial, twenty dollars. Every private who
fails to appear at any muster shall, for each offence, pay five dol-
lars. Any officer, who shall oppear at any parade, and refuses to do
the duty required of him, shall pay a fine of fifty dollars. Any non-
commissioned officer, musician, or private, who attends any parade,
and refuses to do the duty required of him, shall pay double the
fine for non-attendance. Every non-commissioned officer or pri-
vate, who attends the parade at any muster, and does not bring
arms and accountrements, shall be fined five dollars, unless it shall
appear to the court of assessment that such private is unable to
provide such arms. For failing to perform a tour of duty when
called on, one hundred dollars.
IRA INGRAM,
Speaker of the house of representatives.
RICHARD ELLIS,
President pro tem. of the senate.
Approved, Dec. 6, 1836.
SAM. HOUSTON.
JOINT RESOLUTION.
For the relief of William Bryan.
Sec. 1. Be it resolved by the senate and house of representatives
of the republic of Texas in congress assembled, That the secretary
of the treasury, under the direction of the president, be, and he
is hereby authorized to pay, out of the first available means which
may be at the disposal of this government, all the debts and law-
ful demands against this government, now owned by William Bry-
an, Esq., of New Orleans, or for which the said Bryan is in any way
liable, to any individual or individuals, for or on account of this
government.
Sec. 3. Be it further resolved, That the president be, and
he is hereby authorized to place in the hands of said William
Bryan, Esq., and authorize him to sell a sufficient quantity of
Land Scrip to pay all the demands named in the foregoing reso-
lution, and that he instruct him to apply the proceeds of the sale
of said scrip to that special purpose: provided, that said scrip
shall not be sold at a less price than fifty cents per acre; and
(1128)