Laws of the Republic of Texas.
71
linquished in favor of Michael B. Menard, and such associates as
he may hereafter include, and all the right, title, and interest
which the government of Texas now has in, and to said land, is
hereby vested in the said Michael B. Menard, and such associates
as he may hereafter include: Provided, that nothing herein con-
tained shall affect the vested rights of third persons.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That the president shall issue to
the said Michael B. Menard, and such associates as he may in-
clude, a quitclaim title to said land, in the name of the republic
of Texas.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That no quitclaim title shall
be issued by the president, until the receipt of some authorized
agent of Texas shall be deposited in the office of the secretary
of the treasury, acknowledging the receipt, from the said Michael
B. Menard, of fifty thousand dollars in cash, or approved accept-
ances in New Orleans.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That should the said Menard
not pay, or cause to be paid, to some authorized agent of Texas
in New Orleans or Mobile, the sum of thirty thousand dollars in
cash, or approved acceptances, by the first day of February next,
in the city of New Orleans, then and in that case, this act shall
be considered a dead letter, and no such right or title shall vest
in the said Menard or his associates, except at the option of the
government, which shall be manifested by the acceptance or re-
jection of said thirty thousand dollars, as aforesaid, after that time;
and a special pledge is retained on the property for the faithful
payment of the further sum of twenty thousand dollars, and which
if not paid within two months after the first payment of thirty
thousand dollars, the government shall have the right to pay back
the thirty thousand dollars, and declare this act a dead letter.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That the government of Texas
reserves to itself, all that tract of land from the extreme east end
of the Island of Galveston running west on the north side of the
Island until it strikes a Bayou a short distance above the present
. fort, thence up said Bayou to its source, thence in a straight line
across the Island to the Gulf, containing fifteen acres more or less;
also one block of lots in a suitable part of the town for a Custom
House and other public uses, to. be selected by an agent to be ap-
pointed by the president for that purpose; to be selected on or
before the first day of public sale of lots at that place.
Sec. 6. Be it further enacted, That if the said M. B. Me-
( 1131 )