Laws of the Republic of Texas.
79
ment as aforesaid, shall be located during the present session of
congress, by joint vote of both houses.
IRA INGRAM,
Speaker of the house of representatives.
RICHARD ELLIS,
President of the senate pro tem.
Approved, Dec. 15, 1836.
SAM. HOUSTON.
AN ACT,
To establish and organize the Supreme Court, and to define the
powers and jurisdiction thereof.
SEC. 1. Be it enacted by the senate and house of representa-
tives of the republic of Texas in congress assembled, That there'
shall be established in this republic a court, to be styled the Su-
preme Court of the Republic of Texas, which court shall consist,
of one supreme judge, to be styled the Chief Justice; to be elected
by joint vote of both houses of congress, and such judges as shall
be elected judges of the districts courts, who shall continue in
office during the time prescribed by the constitution. The chief
justice shall receive a salary of five thousand dollars per annum,
payable semi-annually at the treasury of the republic.
Sec. 2. The supreme court shall be held annually at the seat
of government, on the first Monday in December, and a majority'
of all the judges shall be necessary to constitute such court.
Sec. 3. The said supreme court shall have jurisdiction over,
and shall hear and determine all manner of pleas, plaints, motions,
causes, and controversies, civil and criminal, which may be brought
before it from any court in this republic, either by appeal or other
legal process, and which shall be cognizable in said supreme court
according to the constitution and laws of this republic: provided,
that no appeal shall be granted, nor shall any cause be removed
into the supreme court in any manner whatever until after final
judgment or decree in the court below, except in cases particularly
provided for by law.
Sec. 4. When by appeal, or in any other manner permit-
ted by law, the judgment, sentence or decree of the court below
shall be reversed, the supreme court shall proceed to render such
judgment, or pronounce such sentence or decree as the court be-
low should have rendered or pronounced, except it be necessary,
(1139 )