Laws of the Republic of Texas.
81
court or before any judge of said court, as the nature of the case
may require.
Sec. 9. In all cases of appeal to the supreme court, the trial
shall be on the facts as found by the jury in the court below; and
if the facts should not be stated in a manner sufficiently full and
clear to enable the supreme court to give its judgment, then and
in that case the said court shall remand the said cause to the proper
court for a new trial, in order that the facts may be.fully and
clearly established, and this act shall be construed to extend to
appeals taken to the superior courts of Texas, as established by the
law of eighteen hundred and thirty-four, which cases remain yet
undecided.
Sec. 10. For the said supreme court, one clerk shall be ap-
pointed in the following manner: in term time the appointment
shall be made by an order entered of record in the proceedings
of the court, and the person so appointed, before he enters on the
duties of his office, shall take the oath prescribed in the constitution
in open court, and shall enter into bond with two securities, to be
approved by the court, payable to the president of the republic
and his successors in office, in the penalty of twenty thousand dol-
lars, conditioned for the faithful performance of the duties of his
office; and that he seasonably record the judgments, decrees, decis-
ions, and orders of . the said court, and deliver over to his successor
in office all records, minutes, books, papers, and whatever belongs
to his said office of clerk, which bond shall be recorded in the clerk’s
office of said court, and immediately thereafter be deposited in the
office of the secretary of state, and shall be void on the first recovery,
but may be put in suit and prosecuted by the party injured, until
the amount thereof be recovered; in vacation the appointment
shall be made by the chief justice, and the person so appointed
shall give bond and security, and take the oath as above prescribed
which bond-shall be recorded and deposited in the same manner as
though the appointment had been made in term time, and may be
prosecuted and put in suit in like manner: an authenticated copy,
of said bond shall be received in evidence in any court in this re-
public in the same manner as the original would be if it were pres-
ent in court.
Sec. 11. The said clerk shall hold his office for the term
of four years from his appointment, but may be removed there-
from for neglect of duty or misdemeanor in office, by the supreme
court, on motion of which, the clerk against whom complaint is
made, shall have ten days previous notice, specifying the parti-
(1141 )