86
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
no monies in the treasury when the same may be demanded accord-
ing to law, of the secretary of the treasury, then and in that case he
shall issue scrip to the person or persons lawfully entitled to the
same.
IRA INGRAM,
Speaker of the house of representatives.
RICHARD ELLIS, •
President pro tem. of the senate.
Approved, Dec. 15, 1836.
SAM. HOUSTON.
AN ACT,
Establishing regulations and instructions for the government of
the naval service of Texas.
OFFICERS IN GENEEAL.
Art. 1. Every officer is to repair to the squadron or vessel to
which he shall be appointed, without delay after receiving orders.
Art. 2. Every officer, from the time of his joining the squadron
or vessel to which he shall be appointed, to the time of his re-
moval, is to be constant in his attention to his duty; never ab-
senting himself, except on public service, without the consent of
his commander, nor shall he remain out of the vessel during the
night, nor after the setting of the watch, without having obtained
express permission to that effect.
Art. 3. Every officer is directed to wear his uniform at all
times while on public service, and it will be the duty of commanders
and others to prevent any change whatever from being made in that
which now is, or hereafter may be established for the navy.
Art. 4. Every officer is to conduct himself with proper respect
to his superiors, and to show every respect and attention to those
under his orders, having a due regard to their situation, and in-
variably to deport himself in every situation so as to be an example
of morality, regularity, and good order, to all persons attached to
the naval service. He will observe attentively the conduct of all
under his command, encouraging and commending the meritorious,
and censuring, punishing,' or reporting to his superiors the mis-
conduct of those who may deserve it.
Art. 5. if an inferior shall be oppressed by his superior,
or observe any misconduct in him, he is not to fail in his respect
(1146 )