88
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
ble for any loss, embezzlement, or damage occurring through neg-
lect of the public stores, and for all unnecessary expense.
COMMANDER - IN - CHIEF.
Art. 1. . Every officer appointed to the 'command of a squadron,
shall obtain the most correct information of the state, qualities,
and number of the vessels and crews under his command; the order
and discipline observed in them; the quantity and quality of pro-
visions and stores on hand, and their fitness for the service intend-
ed. He shall acquaint himself also with the skill, capacity, and in-
formation of the commanders and other officers, that he may be
enabled to select for particular services, those best qualified by their
peculiar abilities and sound knowledge to perform them. He shall
use every exertion to equip expeditiously the squadron, and report
to the secretary of the navy any defects he may discover in the ves-
sels or their supplies, which may unfit them for the service in-
tended.
Art. 2. He shall keep the squadron in the most perfect con-
dition for service that circumstances will admit of, and make their
repairs as far as may be in his power, by the artificers and others
belonging to the vessel under his command.
Art. 3. He shall take every favorable opportunity to exercise
the vessels under his command, in performing all such evolutions
as may be necessary in the presence of an enemy; and on all oc-
casions he is to be careful that a proper example of alertness and
attention is shown to the squadron by the vessel which carries his
flag.
Art. 4. He shall be attentive in battle to the conduct of every
vessel or officer under his command, in order that he may be en-
abled to correct their errors, and prevent any bad effects from
misconduct, and to make a true statement, to the end that they
may be rewarded or punished as their conduct may really deserve.
Art. 5. He shall direct the crews of the respective vessels under
his command to be frequently mustered, and cause inquiries to be
made into the qualities of the men, and their fitness for the sta-
tions in which they may be rated.
Art. 6. He shall inspect into the state of every vessel under
his command, and the order, discipline and attention to cleanliness,
and the modes adopted for the preservation of health, and the de-
gree of attention paid to the regulations and instructions of the
navy.
Art. 7. He shall not order any commander to take on
(1148)