Laws of the Republic of Texas.
91
by the commander of the squadron, or by the captain of the vessel
when acting separately.
Art. 21. The commander of a squadron shall direct frequent
examinations to be made into, the hospital establishments, and sick
quarters under his- command, and cause every attention to he paid
to the comforts of the sick. He shall cause the examining officers
to make to him a written report of their state and condition.
Art. 22. Should the commander of a squadron be killed or dis-
abled in battle, his flag shall continue flying while the enemy re-
mains in sight, and the officer next in command shall be informed
thereof, and take command of the squadron.
Art. 23. On the death of the commander of a squadron, the
officer who succeeds him shall enjoy all the pay and emoluments
of commander, in the same manner as his predecessor, until the
pleasure of the secretary of the navy.be known; but he is not to
assume any badge of distinction, or hoist any flag which his rank
does not entitle him to.
Art. 24. The commander of a squadron shall not resign his
command or quit his station, unless the bad state of his health
shall render a change of climate or situation absolutely necessary;
and in such case he shall not weaken the squadron by taking from
it a vessel, the service of which may be necessary.
Art. 25. When the commander of a squadron shall resign his
command, he shall deliver to his successor the originals of all se-
cret instructions, orders and signals, and authenticated copies of all
other unexecuted instructions and orders, together with such in-
formation as may be in his possession relative to the service to be
performed.
Art. 26. In the absence of the commander of the squadron,
the senior officer shall be governed by the foregoing instructions,
and shall superintend the various duties to be performed; for the
due execution of which he will'be held responsible.
OF STORES AND PROVISIONS.
THE CAPTAIN.
Art. 1. The signature of the captain shall be affixed to all
papers having reference to the expenses of the vessel.
Art. 2. On taking command, he shall demand of his prede-
cessor an inventory of all the articles which are on board, and if he
command the vessel until she is paid off, he shall send such in-
ventory with his accounts to the auditor of the treasury.
(1151)