94
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
to effect it: if neither of them, however, have an opportunity of
recovering them, the captain of the vessel whose cable was thus
cut, slipped, or parted, shall, without delay, give an account to
the commander-in-chief, or to the navy agent, taking care to state
particularly the bearings and distances of the most suitable places
to mark the spot where the anchor lies, to- the end that means may
be immediately adopted for recovering it.
Art. 14. He shall attend with all the officers of his vessel when
the crew is paid off, and examine carefully, to discover if any ar-
ticles are concealed with a view to embezzlement, and report to
the secretary of the navy the character of each officer serving under
him, particularly as to his sobriety, diligence, activity and abilities.
Art. 15. A captain, when not under the immediate command
of a superior, shall be held responsible for all accidents arising
from negligence during his absence from the vessel he commands,
where his presence might have prevented such accidents, unless
he be absent on public duty, or by permission of the secretary of
the navy. He shall also be held responsible for all accidents aris-
ing from the absence of the officers and crew of the vessel he com-
mands, unless they be absent on public duty, or by permission of
the secretary of the navy.
Art. 16. When the vessel goes into port to refit, he is to order
a minute and careful survey of all stores, and call upon the proper
officers and prepare lists of all such as are damaged
as required to
he replaced.
Art. 17.
He is not to suffer any except the most careful of
the officers and men to have berths, or to sleep in the orlop or
cable tiers, in which lights are never to be used without his ex-
press permission, and then in good lanterns; nor is he to allow
any person to smoke tobacco in any part of the vessel except the
galley. He is strictly forbid the sticking of candles against
the Beams, the side or any other part of the vessel; to enjoin it
upon the officers never to read in bed by the lights either of
lamps or candles, nor to have any lights in their cabins without
some person to attend them; to cause the funnel hole to be well
secured by lead or otherwise, and the funnels to be cleaned
every morning before the fires are lighted; to cause all fires to
be extinguished, and lights to be put out, at the setting of the
watch by the master-at-arms and ship’s corporal, except such as
he shall permit to be kept burning; and to give the most posi-
tive orders, and most rigidly to- enforce them, that no lighted
candle be carried into the spirit room on any pretext whatever.
(1154-)