Laws of the Republic of Texas.
95
while drawing or pumping of spirituous liquors, which duty shall
be performed only by day, except on great emergencies occurring
in the night.
Art. 18. He is not to sufer any person whatever to suttle on
board, nor to sell any kind of beer, wines, or spirituous liquors on
board to the ship’s company. He is not to allow the men to sell,
exchange, or in any manner dispose of the slop clothes or bedding
with which they are supplied, and as far as possible to prevent any
traffic amongst them that would induce them to draw from the
purser tobacco, sugar, tea, slop clothes, or any other articles in
larger quantities than are usually .supplied.
Art. 19. He is to be particularly attentive to the comfort and
cleanliness of the men, directing them to wash themselves fre-
quently, and to change their linen at least twice every week. He
is never to suffer them to sleep in wet clothes or wet beds if it can
possibly he avoided; and to cause them frequently, particularly af-
ter bad weather, to shake their clothes and bedding in the air, and
to expose them to. the sun and wind.
Art. 20. As cleanliness, dryness, and pure air essentially con-
duce to health, he is to exert his utmost endeavors to ensure these
to the ship’s company in the most extensive degree. He is to cause
the upper decks to be washed every morning, and the lower decks
as often as may be necessary when the weather will admit of their
being properly aired and dried; to. be sweeped every meal, and the
dirt thrown overboard. He is to cause the hammocks to be carried
on deck, and the ports to be opened as often as the weather will'
permit, and no more chests or bags to be kept on the lower gun.
deck than may be necessary for the comfort of the men; so that
as few interruptions as possible may be opposed to a free circu-
lation of air. He is to cause the wind sails and ventilators to be
kept in continual operation; the vessel to be pumped out daily.
Art. 21. The clothing issued to the men is to be suitable to. the
season; but the wearing of flannel shirts is to be encouraged and
permitted at all seasons and in all climates.
Art. 22. The practice of detaining boats on shore for officers,
after night is set in, is strictly prohibited.
Art. 23. On receiving newly recruited men, the captain will
cause an examination into the state of their persons and clothings
and use every measure to guard against the introduction of filth
and contagion on board the vessel.
Art. 24. As soon as possible after the ship’s company is
received on board, he will, with the assistance of the senior
(1155 )