Laws of the Republic of Texas.
97
improvement of geography by ascertaining the latitude and longi-
tude., fixing or rectifying the position of places, the height and
views of land, charts, plans or descriptions of any port, anchorage
ground, coast, island, or dangers little known; remarks relative to
the directions and effects of currents, tide or winds, the officers
or persons appointed to examine them will make extracts of what-
ever may appear to merit preservation; and after these extracts
have been communicated to. the officer or author of the journal
from which they have been taken, and that he has certified in
writing to the fidelity of his journal, as well as of his charts, plans
and view's which he has joined to it, the same shall be signed by
the officers and examiners, and transmitted with their opinions
thereon, to be preserved in the depot of charts, journals, and plans.
Art. 29. Whenever he is to sail from port to. port, in time of
war, or appearance thereof, he is to give notice to merchant vessels
bound his way, and to take them under his care, if they are ready,
but not to make unnecessary stay, or deviate from his orders on
that account.
Art. 30. He is, by all opportunities, to send an account of his
proceedings to the secretary of the navy, and he is to keep up a
punctual correspondence with all public officers in whatever con-
cerns them.
Art. 31. He is not to go into any port but such as may be di-
rected by his orders, unless by absolute necessity; and then not to
make any unnecessary stay. If employed in cruising, he is to keep
the sea, the time required by his orders, or give reasons for acting
to the contrary, to the secretary of the navy.
Art. 32. Upon his own removal into another vessel, he is to
show the originals of all such orders as have been sent him, and
remain unexecuted to his successor, and leave with him attested
copies of the same.
Art. 33. He is to leave with his successor a complete muster
book, and send all other books and accounts to the officers to whom
they respectively relate.
Art. 34. Tn case of shipwreck, or other disasters whereby the
vessel may perish, the officers and men are to stay with the wreck
as long as possible, and save all they can.
Art. 35. When any men employed for wages are dis-
charged from one vessel to another, the captain of the vessel
from which they may be discharged is immediately to send pay
lists of such men to the auditor of the treasury, and the purser
of the vessel from which they are so discharged, is also to supply
(1157)