100
Laws of the Republic'of Texas.
abilities and courage may afford the best hopes of success. He is
to be extremely attentive to every thing done by his clerk, who,
being appointed for the sole purpose of assisting him, will be con-
sidered as always acting by his order.
Abt. 47. The commander of a squadron shall be allowed, on
fitting out, to equip his cabin every three years or thereabouts, in
lieu of every expense for movable furniture, the sum of five hundred
dollars.
Abt. 48. There shall be allowed on fitting out to equip the
cabin of a captain, every three years or thereabouts, in lieu of
every expense for movable furniture, three hundred dollars.
Abt. 49. Articles unfit for service must be surveyed by an order
from the secretary of the navy, or in the event of a vessel being on
a foreign station, by an order from he commander of the station,
on the application of the commander of the vessel; and no new ar-
ticles are to be furnished until the old shall be condemned, which
must be certified by the officers holding the survey, and the cer-
tificate forwarded to the secretary of the navy.
Abt. 50. Articles of cabin furniture broken or lost at sea, shall
be replaced by the commander of the vessel at his own expense,
unless he shall make it appear by the certificate of two commis-
sioned officers, that such loss or breaking was occasioned by un-
avoidable casuality, or accident beyond his control.
OF THE LIEUTENANT.
Abt. 1. A lieutenant is to be constantly attentive to his duty,
and diligently and punctually to execute all orders for the public
service which he may receive from the captain or other senior
officer. When he has the watch he is to be constantly on deck, un-
til relieved by the officer who is to succeed him. He is to see that
the men are alert and attentive to their duty, that every precau-
tion is taken to prevent accidents from squalls or sudden gusts of
wind, and that the vessel is as perfectly prepared for a battle as
circumstances shall admit. ■ He is to-be particularly careful that
the vessel be properly steered, and that a correct account be kept
of her way, by the log being duly hove and marked on the log
. board.
Abt. 2. He is to see that the master’s mates and midshipmen
of the watch, are constantly on deck, and attentive to their duty;
and he is to order the men of the watch to be frequently mustered,
and to report to the captain such as he shall find absent from their
duty.
(1160 )