Laws of the Republic of Texas.
101
Art. 3. He is to be extremely attentive to keep the vessel in her
station in any squadron he may belong to; and he is to inform the
captain whenever he apprehends that he shall not be able to do so.
Art. 4. He is to inform the captain of all strange sails that
are seen, all signals that are made, all changes of sail made by the
commander, all shifting of the wind, and in general of all circum-
stances which may derange the order in which the squadron is
sailing, or prevent the vessel from continuing on the course di-
rected to be steered.
Art. 5. He is to be very particular in delivering to the lieu-
tenant who relieves him
from the captain
on the watch, all orders received by him
or lieutenant he relieved remaining unexecuted;
and he is to inform him of all signals made by the commander-in-
chief, which still remain to be obeyed. He is to point out to him
more especially in the night the situation of the commander-in-
chief, and to inform him what sail his vessel was Carrying when
it could last be ascertained, and whether the vessel was coming up
with or dropping astern of him; and he is to give in general what-
ever other information may be necessary to enable him to keep the
vessel on her station, if the squadron be formed in the order of
sailing, or to keep well up with it, if it be not so formed.
Art. 6. He is to keep men at the masts’ heads during the day,
and in proper stations during the night, to look out: He is fre-
quently to remind them of their duty, if necessary, and to relieve
them, more or less frequently, according to the state of the weather,
and the degree of their attention.
Art. 7. On a strange sail being seen in the night during war,
he is to send a midshipman to inform the captain, and is himself
to make arrangements for getting the vessel ready for action. He
is to keep out of gunshot until every thing is ready, but in doing
this he is to be careful not to remove to such a distance as to risk
losing sight of her.
Art. 8. He is never to carry so much sail as to endanger the
springing of any mast or yard, unless some particular service should
require it, and when he does so, he must take care that all the men
in the watch are at their stations, ready to shorten sail the moment
any increase of wind, or other circumstances should make it neces-
sary.
Art. 9. In the night he is to take care that the master-
at-arms and corporals in their respective watches, are very par-
ticular in going the rounds, and that they visit all parts of the
(1161)