106
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
boatswain’s and the carpenter’s accounts of stores expended, and
at the end of every month he is, with the first lieutenant, to sign
their expense books, which he is to examine with very great at-
tion before he signs them, to prevent the insertion of expenditures
which have not been made, or any improper account of those which
have.
ART. 14. He is to see that the compasses, the hour and other
glasses are properly taken care of, to try them and compare them
with each other frequently, to ascertain and prevent the bad effects
of any error which may be in them, to see the log-lines and lead-
lines correctly marked, and at hand, whenever they may be wanted.
Art. 15. He is, under the command of the captain, to have
the charge of navigating the vessel. He is to represent to the
captain, every possible danger in or near the vessel’s course, and
the way to avoid it, and if it be immediate, to the lieutenant of the
watch; whenever the vessel shall be approaching the land or any
shoal, he is to be upon deck, and keep a good look out, always
sounding to inform himself of the situation of the vessel.
Art. 16. He is every day at noon to deliver to the captain, an
account of the situation of the vessel, the latitude and longitude
she is in, the variation of the compass, the bearings and distance of
the place sailed from, or of that to which the vessel is bound,
and every other particular which the captain shall direct,
Art. 17. He is to have charge of the ship’s log-book, which
is to be written by the master’s mate, under his immediate inspec-
tion; he is to compare it every day with the log board, to see that
every circumstance which has occurred, is properly entered in it;
and he is to send it immediately to the lieutenants, that they may
sign their names at the end of their respective watches, while that
which happened in them is still fresh in their memories. In the
log book he is to enter with very minute exactness each of the fol-
lowing circumstances, viz:
1st, The state of the weather, the directions of the wind, the
courses steered, and the distances run, with every occurrence re-
lating to the navigation of the vessel, the setting and the velocity
of the currents, and the result of all astronomical observations
made to ascertain the situation of the vessel, the variation of the
compass, &c.
2d, The loss of masts, yards, boats, &c., the splitting of
(1166 )