108
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
and distribute the victualing stores and slops of the vessel, having
entered into bonds to the government of Texas, as prescribed by
law, is to abide by the following regulations and instructions; and
he is not to expect that any irregularity in, or omission of any part
thereof, or of the forms referred to therein for keeping his ac-
counts will pass unnoticed.
Art. 2. Every purser attached to a vessel of war shall make
to the secretary of the navy a statement of his accounts every six
months, and settle his accounts at the treasury every twelve months;
nor shall he permit a longer time to elapse without offering his ac-
counts for settlement, if the vessel to which he belongs be in a
port, or on the coast of Texas; and in the event of his failing to do
so, his pay and emoluments shall cease from the time of the ex-
piration of the twelve months, commencing at the time of his join-
ing the vessel, or at the date of the last settlement.
Art. 3. No purser can be employed or removed from one vessel
or station to another, until he shall have settled up his accounts
for the vessel or station to which he shall have last belonged, un-
less specially exempted from doing so by the secretary of the navy.
Art. 4. Before a purser can receive orders to join a vessel or
station, or be removed from one vessel or station to another, he
must produce a certificate from the auditor of the treasury, or
other satisfactory evidence, that he has settled up his accounts
for the last vessel or station to which he belongs, and that the bal-
ance against him does not exceed one thousand dollars.
Art. 5. When a purser joins a vessel or station he shall see that
it is provided with the necessary articles belonging to his depart-
ment; take care that the provisions, victualing stores, and slops
are of good quality, and demand a survey on those which may ap-
pear damaged, or otherwise unfit for the service.
Art. 6. Tobacco will be purchased by the Texian government,
and delivered and charged to the purser, at cost and charges; and
he will, on the settlement of his accounts, be allowed fifty per cent,
on the amount of all tobacco issued; which per centage is to be
added to the cost and charges on the article when issued to the
crew.
Art. 7. All the slops, clothing, &c., will be charged to the pur-
ser, at cost and charges, and he is to be held accountable for the
expenditure.
Art. 8. In no case will the purser be credited even for
(1168)