110
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
ART. 17. Provisions and stores purchased by agents are to be
surveyed when received on board; and if it should appear by the
report of the surveying officers that they are unfit for public use,
they are to be returned to the agents, and on settlement the captain
is to refuse to admit them into the agent’s accounts against the ves-
sel, and is to transmit to. the secretary of the navy a duplicate of
the report of survey, with such remarks as the case may require.
Abt. 18. Every cask and package of provisions, wet or dry,
bread excepted, sent on board the Texian vessels of war, is to have
the contents thereof, as to quantity and kind, distinctly marked on
it, together with a number, and the time when, place where, and by
whom purchased or furnished. The casks are to be marked on the
head, and the packages on some proper or conspicuous part of
them.
Abt. 19. The resignation of any officer when called into active
service will be considered a disobedience of orders.
NAVAL GENERAL COURTS MARTIAL.
Abt. 1. General courts martial may be convened as often as the
president of the republic of Texas, the secretary of the navy, or the
commander-in-chief of the squadron, while out of the limits of the
republic of Texas, shall deem it necessary; provided, that no gen-
eral courts martial shall consist of more than nine, nor less than
five members; and as many officers shall be summoned as can be
convened without injury to the service, so as not to exceed nine;,
and the senior officer shall always preside, the others ranking agree-
ably to the date of their commissions; and in no case, when it can
be avoided, without injury to the service, shall more than one-half
of the members, exclusive of the president, be junior to the officer
to be tried.
Abt. 2. Each member of the court martial, before pro-
ceeding to trial, shall take the following oath or affirmation,,
which the judge advocate, or person officiating as such, is hereby
authorized to administer: “I, A. B., do swear (or affirm) that I
will truly try, without prejudice, or partiality, the case now
depending, according to the evidence which shall come before
the court, the rules for the government of the navy, and my own
conscience; and that I will not, by any means, divulge or dis-
close the sentence of the court until it shall have been approved
by the proper authority; nor will I, at any time, divulge or dis-
close the vote or opinion of any particular member of the court.
(1170)