Laws of the. Republic of Texas.,
113
before a court martial: provided oral testimony cannot be ob-
tained.
Abt. 12. The judge advocate, or person officiating as such, shall
administer to the members the following oath or affirmation: “You
do swear (or affirm) well and truly to examine and enquire, accord-
ing to the evidence, into the matter now before you, without par-
tiality or prejudice.” After which the president shall administer to
the judge advocate, or person officiating as such, the following oath
or affirmation: “You do swear (or affirm) truly to record the pro-
ceedings of this court, and the evidence to be given in the case in
hearing.”
REGULATIONS RELATIVE TO NAVAL SURGEONS AND
THEIR ASSISTANTS.
Abt. 1. Every naval surgeon, upon being ordered to a vessel of
war of the republic of Texas, shall, without delay, report himself
to the commanding officer, and take in his charge all the medicines,
instruments, hospital stores, utensils, and all other articles ordered
for the use of the sick, agreeably to estimate, for which he shall give
duplicate receipts to the medical purveyor, by whom they were sup-
plied. He shall personally examine the articles before he passes
his receipts, as he will be held strictly accountable for the expendi-
tures thereof.
ART. 2. He shall keep, or cause to be kept, a regular account of
the receipt and expenditure of the said articles of medicine, ac-
cording to form; and at the expiration of every month, the amount
of the hospital stores shall be carried to the credit side. These
books he is carefully to preserve, and at the end of every year, to de-
liver them to the medical purveyor of the depot where he may have
arrived.
Abt. 3. Should a fresh supply of medicines, or other articles in
the surgeon’s department, be required on a foreign station, in con-
sequence of any extraordinary number of sick, or by any injury sus-
tained in a gale of wind, or in action, he shall make out a requisi-
tion for such articles 'as he may think absolutely necessary for the
remainder of the cruise, or until he shall arrive in Texas; which
requisition, when signed by the commander, shall be forwarded to
the navy agent, or consul of the port where the vessel may be, who
will direct the supply thereof. The surgeon shall examine and ap-
prove the accounts of all articles thus supplied, before they are re-
ceived on board.
Abt. 4. No condemnation of any article of medicine, or
hospital stores, shall take place, unless a survey shall have been
(1173)