120
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
pumps in good order, always having at hand whatever may be neces-
sary to repair them.
Abt. 6. He is to keep the boats, ladders, and gratings, in as good
condition as possible, always repairing every damage they may sus-
tain as soon as he discovers it.
Abt. 7. He is to keep always ready, for immediate use, shot
plugs, and every other article necessary for stopping shot holes,
and repairing other damages in battle; and, during the action, he is,
with the part of the crew appointed to assist him, to be continually
going about the wings and passages, and the hold, to discover
where shot may have passed through, that he may plug up the
holes and stop the leaks, as expeditiously as possible.
Abt. 8. If he should at any time find stores, or other articles
stowed in the wings or passages, in such a manner as might inter-
fere with his working, if required to cut out shot, or stop leaks dur-
ing an action, he is to report it to the captain, that it may be re-
moved
Abt. 9. When the vessel is going into port, he is to prepare as
correct an account as possible of the defect of the hull, masts and
yards, and of the repairs she may stand in need of, of which he is to
deliver to the captain two copies, one of which, when signed by
the captain, he is to deliver to the master shipwright of the sta-
tion. In making this report he is to be very careful not to exag-
gerate any defect, by which there may appear to be a greater neces-
sity for the vessel’s being repaired than really exists, nor is he to
conceal any which may require to be repaired.
BOATSWAIN.
Abt. 1. When a Texian vessel is commissioned, the boatswain
is to exert himself to get on board all the stores committed to his
charge, as expeditiously as possible, he is to examine them very
carefully, and to inspect very minutely all fitted rigging, and to
report to the captain such defects as he may discover in them.
Abt. 2. When fitting out the vessel, and at all other times when
it may be necessary to cut out rigging, he is to be extremely careful
to cut every rope to the precise length allowed by the establish-
ment, unless some particular circumstance, appertaining to the ves-
sel, shall make it necessary to alter it; in which case he is to inform
the captain, and to receive his orders for such alteration.
(1180)