Laws of the Republic of Texas.
121
Art. 3. He is, once at least every day, to examine the state of
the rigging, to discover, as soon as possible, any part which may
be chafed, or likely to give way, that it may be repaired without
loss of time: he is at all times to be very careful that the anchors,
booms, and boats be properly secured.
Art. 4. He is to be very particular in having ready at all times,
a sufficient number of mats, plats, nippers, points, and gaskets, that
no delay may be experienced when they are wanted.
Art. 5. He is to be very attentive in observing, while junk is
working up, that every part of it is converted to all such purposes
as it can possibly be made applicable to.
Art. 6. He is to be very frequently on deck during the day, and
times both by day and night. When any duty shall require all
hands to be employed, he is, with his mates, to see that the men
go quickly upon deck when called, and that when there, they per-
form their duty with alacrity, and without noise or confusion.
Art. 7. When the vessel is preparing for battle, he is to be very
particular in seeing that every thing necessary for repairing the
rigging is in its proper place, that the men stationed for that ser-
vice may know where to find immediately whatever may be wanted.
Art. 8. When the vessel is ordered to be paid off, he is to be
very attentive to prevent any of the rigging being damaged or cut,
and he is to see every part of it properly tallied and stopped to-
gether, before he returns it in stores.
CHAPLAIN.
Art. 1. He is to read prayers at stated periods, perform all
funeral ceremonies over such persons as may die in the service in
the vessel to which he belongs; or if directed by the commanding
officer, over any person that may die in any other public vessel.
Art. 2. He shall perform the duty of schoolmaster, and to that
end he shall instruct the midshipmen in writing, arithmetic, and
navigation, and in whatsoever may contribute to render them pro-
ficient. He is likewise to teach the other youths of the vessel ac-
cording to such orders as he shall receive from the captain. He is
to be diligent in his office.
Art. 3. He shall, when it is required of him, perform the duties
of secretary to the. commodore.
(1181 )