122
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
MIDSHIPMEN.
Abt. 1. No particular duties can be assigned to this class of
officers. They are promptly and faithfully to execute all the orders
for the public service which they shall receive from, the command-
ing officers.
Abt. 2. The commanding officers will consider the midshipmen
as a class of officers, meriting in an especial degree their fostering
care. They will see, therefore, that the schoolmaster performs his
duty towards them, by diligently and faithfully instructing them
in those sciences appertaining to their profession, and that he use
his utmost care to render them proficients therein.
Abt. 3. Midshipmen are to keep regular journals, and deliver
them to the commanding officer at the stated periods, in due form.
Abt. 4. They are to consider it as a duty they owe to their coun-
try, to employ a due portion of their time in the study of naval
tactics, and in acquiring a thorough knowledge of all the various
duties to be performed on board a man of war.
MARINES SERVING ON BOARD THE VESSELS OF THE
REPUBLIC OF TEXAS.
Abt. 1. The marine detachments appointed to serve on board
the vessels of the republic of Texas, are to be entered upon their
books as part of the complements for victuals, and with, regard to
provisions, and short allowance money, they are to be in all re-
spects upon the same footing with the seamen.
Abt. 2. All marine officers are to obey the orders of the captain
at times both by day and night. When any duty shall require all
or commanding officer of the vessel, and also of the
commanding officer of the watch: the marine officers are, upon
all occasions, to be treated as well by the captain of the vessel as
by all other officers and. people belonging to her, with the respect,
decency, and regard due to the commissions they bear. They are
to possess the cabins or berths erected for them.
Abt. 3. The marines are to be exercised by the marine officers
in the use of their arms as often as possible, that they may become
expert in the use thereof. They are to be employed as sentinels,
and upon all other duties and service on board of the
vessel which they may be capable of, and therein to, be
subject to the directions of the officers of the vessel; but they
are not to be obliged to go aloft, or to be punished for not showing
an inclination to do so. And the captain or commanding officer
of the vessel is strictly charged not to suffer them to be ill treat-
(1182)