Laws of the Republic of Texas.
123
ed, nor a sergeant or corporal to be struck on any account, by any
of the officers, petty officers, or seamen.
Art. 4. No marine, serving on board of any Texian vessels of
war, is to be discharged as such, and entered as a seaman, without
special authority from the secretary of the navy.
Art. 5. The commanding marine officer is to have in his pos-
session the chests prepared for the arms, and the cartridges for the
use of the marines. The arms and drums are to be under his
charge, and he is.to be accountable for any loss or damage that
may happen for want of sufficient care in him; but if any such
loss or damage happen by the default of any other person, the
marine officer is immediately to acquaint the captain of the vessel
therewith, who is to cause the value thereof to be forthwith noted
against the defaulter’s name, in order to its being deducted from
his pay or wages.
Art. 6. The marine arms are to be kept clean and in good order
by the marines themselves, so far as they can do the same; but if
necessary, the marine officer may apply to the captain for the as-
sistance of one or more armorer’s mates, to repair the arms, and
the captain in such case will order such assistance to be afforded.
Art. 7. When marines are sent on board of any of the Texian
vessels in order to serve at sea, the captain of the vessel is to cause
the purser to supply them, upon their coming on board, with a
suit of bedding if necessary, and from time to time with such fur-
ther bedding and slop clothes, &c., as the commanding marine offi-
cer may represent them to be in want of; for all which the officer
charged with paying the marines shall settle with the purser of
the vessel, charging the amount thereof to the accounts of the ma-
rines to whom such bedding and slops have been so issued.
Art. 8. The commanding marine officer on board must exam-
ine, once a week at least, into the state of the clothing and slops
belonging to each marine, and if he finds any loss or abuse, must
enquire how it happened; and he‘is to inform the captain of the
vessel of the circumstances, who will apply such correctives as may
be necessary to prevent the recurrence of such losses or abuses.
Art. 9. When any marine belonging to the vessel dies, his
clothing and effects (except his uniform marine clothing,)
are to be sold at the mast, by auction, and the proceeds charged
against the names of the buyers: and the marine officer will, by
the first opportunity, transmit to the paymaster of the marine
(1183)