124
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
corps, an inventory of the effects so sold, and an account of the
money or amount for which they sold, signed by the captain
and purser of the. vessel, in order that such amount may be paid
over to the legal representatives of the deceased.
Aet. 10. A store room on board of each vessel to be in the pos-
session of the marine officer, is to be appropriated exclusively for
the spare clothing, accoutrements, and all other necessaries for
the use of the marines.
Abt. 11. Marines, sick or wounded are to be taken the same
care of by the surgeon of the vessel, that the seamen are; and when
it shall be necessary to send them out of the vessel for cure, they
are to be sent on shore to the hospital or sick quarters, and are to
be in all respects under the same regulations that are established
for the seamen; sick tickets are to be sent with them, similar to
those to be sent with seamen. The captain of the vessel and the
commanding marine officer on board, are to see that their bedding,
clothes, and necessaries are sent along with them, the particulars
of which are to be noted at the foot of the sick ticket. The
commanding marine officer will see that each man’s things be se-
curely bound together and labelled. The proper officer at the hos-
pital, or sick quarters, and the marine officer attending hospital
duty (when there shall be any,) are to take care that the same be
safely deposited and preserved, till the marines are either dis-
charged, runaway, or die: if discharged they are to be delivered
to their respective owners, and in the cases of desertion or death,
they are to be disposed of as provided in the case of dead men’s
clothes on board of vessels.
Aet. 12. Marines sent sick on shore, are to be continued upon
the books of the vessel from which they shall be sent, unless the
proportion of marines allowed the vessel be completed during their
sickness; and in the latter case they are, when recovered, to be
turned over to some other vessel wanting marines, or to be sent to
the nearest marine station. So soon as the number allowed the ves-
sel be completed, all marines sent sick on shore are to be discharged
from the ship’s books, as the vessel must never be charged with
more than the complement of marines allowed her.
Aet. 13. When a marine is returned on ship board from a
hospital or sick quarters, the captain of the vessel is to take care
that there be charged against his name the value of any
clothing he may have been supplied with at the hospital, which
(1184)