Laws of the Republic of Texas.
127
and with the previous sanction of the secretary of the navy, by
whom the amount shall be limited.
Art. 12. Navy agents shall transmit quarterly to the secretary
of the navy, viz: On the first days of January, April, July, and Oc-
tober, of each year, a statement of all purchases turned into stores,
accompanied by the store keeper’s receipt for the same.
CAPTIVES AND PRIZE MONEY.
Art. 1. And be it further enacted, That all pay and emolu-
■ ments of such officers and men of any of the vessels of the repub-
lic of Texas taken by an enemy, who shall appear, by the sentence
of a court martial, or otherwise, to have done their utmost to pre-
serve and defend their vessel, and after the talcing thereof, have
behaved themselves obediently to their superiors, agreeably to the
discipline of the navy, shall go on and be paid them, until their
death, their exchange, or discharge.
Art. 2. And be it further enacted, That the proceeds of all
the vessels, and the goods taken on board of them, which shall be
adjudged good prize, shall, when of equal or superior force to the
vessel making the capture, be the sole property of the captors; and,
when of inferior force, shall be divided equally between the gov-
ernment of Texas, and the officers and men making the capture.
Art. 3. And he it enacted, That the prize money belonging to
the officers and men shall be distributed in the following manner:
1st. To the commanding officers of a squadron, or a single ves-
sel, three twentieths, of which the commanding officer of the
squadron shall have one twentieth, if the prize be taken by a ves-
sel under his command; and the commander of a single vessel
two twentieths; but when a prize is taken by a vessel acting inde-
pendently of such superior officer, the' three twentieths shall be-
' long to the commander.
2d. To sea lieutenants, captains of marines, and sailing mas-
ters, two twentieths; but when there is a captain, without a lieu-
tenant of marines, these officers shall be entitled to two twentieths
and one third of a twentieth, which third, in such cases shall be
deducted from the share of the officers mentioned in article num-
ber 3 of this section.
3d. To chaplains, lieutenants of marines, surgeons, pursers,
boatswains, gunners, carpenters, and masters’ mates, two twen-
tieths.
(1187)