128
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
4th. To midshipmen, surgeon’s mates, captain’s clerk, school-
master, boatswain’s mates, gunner’s mates, carpenter’s mates, ship’s
stewards, sail makers, master-at-arms, armorers, cockswains and
coopers, three twentieths and a half.
5th. To gunner’s yeoman, boatswain’s yeoman, quartermasters,
quarter gunners, sail maker’s mates, sergeants and corporals of
marines, drummers, fifers, and extra petty officers, two twentieths
and a half.
6th. To seamen, ordinary seamen, marines, and all other per-
sons doing duty on board, seven twentieths.
7th. Whenever one or more public vessels are in sight, at the
time any one or more vessels are taking a prize or prizes, they shall
all share equally in the prize or prizes, according to the number
of men and guns on board each vessel in sight.
IRA INGRAM,
Speaker of the house of representatives.
RICHARD ELLIS,
President pro tem. of the senate.
Approved, Dec. 15, 1836.
SAM. HOUSTON.
AN ACT,
To incorporate the Texas Rail Road, Navigation, and Banking
Company.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the senate and house of representatives
of the republic of Texas, in congress assembled, That Messrs.
Branch T. Archer, James Collinsworth, and their present and
■future associates, successors, and assigns, be, and they are hereby
ordained, constituted, and declared to be, from and immediately
after the passage of this act, a body corporate and politic, in fact
and in name, by the style and title of the “Texas Rail-Road, Navi-
gation, and Banking Company;” and by that name, they and their
successors, shall and may have continual succession, and
shall be persons in law, capable .. of suing and being
sued, pleading and being impleaded, answering and being
answered unto, defending and being defended, in all courts and
places whatsoever; and that they and their successors may have
a common seal, and may change and alter the same at pleasure;
and also, that they and their successors, by the same name and
style, shall be in law capable of holding, purchasing, and con-
veying any estate, real, personal, or mixed, for the use of the
(1188)