Laws of the Republic of Texas.
141
allowed, shall, upon conviction thereof, before any court of this
republic, forfeit and pay a fine of one hundred dollars, and be de-
prived of his office.
IRA INGRAM,.
Speaker of the house of representatives.
RICHARD ELLIS,
President pro tem. of the senate.
Approved, Dec. 19, 1836.
SAM. HOUSTON.
AN ACT,
Organizing Justices’ Courts, and defining the powers and jurisdic-
tion of the same, and also creating and defining the office and
powers of commissioners of roads and revenue.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the senate and house of representatives
of the republic of Texas, in congress assembled, That there shall
be elected, by the qualified electors of each militia captain’s dis-
trict, two justices of the peace for their respective districts, who
shall be commisioned by the president, and shall hold their offices
for a period of two years, and shall take the oath prescribed by law
for all officers of this republic. It shall be lawful for the said jus-
tices so elected, after taking the oath of office, to enter immedi-
ately upon the discharge of their duties; and their acts shall be as
valid in law, before they receive commissions from the president,
as afterwards.
Sec. 2. In all cases where any person has been elected justice
of the peace, and neglects to qualify himself within twenty days,
after notice of such election, the election shall be deemed void, and
the chief justice of the county court shall order a new election.
Sec. 3. Any justice of the peace who shall be guilty of any mal-
conduct or misdemeanor in office, may be prosecuted by present-
ment of a grand jury, in the district court of the proper county,
and on conviction thereof shall vacate his office, and be thereafter
rendered incapable of holding the office of justice of the peace in
this republic.
Sec. 4. The justices of the peace shall be conservators of the
peace within their respective counties, and shall have power
to take .all manner of recognizance, with or without security, for
good behaviour to keep the peace, or for appearance at the
proper court, to answer charges exhibited, or crimes committed in
76—vol. 1.
(1201 )