Laws of the Republic of Texas.
147
AN ACT,
To raise a Revenue by Impost duties.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the senate and house of representatives
of the republic of Texas, in congress assembled, That there shall
be, and there is hereby imposed, assessed and levied, upon all ar-
ticles which may be imported into this republic from and after the
first day of June next, the following duties, to wit: Upon all wines
and spirituous and malt liquors, an ad valorem duty upon invoice
cost of forty-five per centum: upon all silk goods, and manufac-
tures of every description made of silk, an ad valorem duty of fifty
per cent.: upon all sugar and coffee, two and a half per cent.: upon
teas, twenty-five per cent, per pound: upon bread stuffs, one per
cent.: upon iron and castings, ten per cent.: upon all coarse cloth-
ing, coarse shirtings, coarse shoes, and brogans, blankets, kersies,
satinetts, and clothes formed of a mixture of cotton and wool, ten
per cent.: upon all other goods, wares, and merchandise, not herein
specially enumerated, an- ad valorem duty of twenty per cent, upon
the invoice cost.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That there shall be assessed,
levied, and collected, upon all vessels of the burthen of ten tons
and upwards, arriving in any port in Texas from a foreign port,
the sum of twenty-five cents per ton.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of the
president, by and with the advice and consent of the senate, to ap-
point for each and every district, such revenue officers as may be
necessary and proper, for the collection of the revenue, each of
whom shall take an oath of office before entering upon his duties,
and for the punctual paying over to the proper authorities, all such
moneys as may be by them respectively collected.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of the
several collectors, to receive the orders of the auditor upon the
treasury of the republic, when offered by importers in payment of
duties at the time of importation; but should the duties not be
promptly paid in this manner, the collectors shall retain possession
of all merchandise imported, for the space of ninety days; if, at the
expiration of that time, the duties shall not be paid, they shall be
sold at public auction by the collector, or so much thereof as will
pay the duties thereon.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That the secretary of the
treasury shall, under the direction of the president, give the offi-
cers who may be appointed by virtue of this act, such instruc-
( 1207)