148
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
tions, from time to time, as may be necessary to bring this system
into practical and useful effect.
IBA INGRAM,
Speaker of the house of Representatives.
RICHARD ELLIS,
President pro tem. of the Senate.
Approved, Dec. 30, 1836.
SAM HOUSTON.
AN ACT,
Organizing the inferior Courts, and defining the powers and juris-
diction of the same.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the senate and house of representatives
of the republic of Texas in congress assembled, That there shall
be established, in the several counties of this republic, an inferior
court of law, which shall be styled the County Court of the county
of
, to be composed of one chief justice, who shall be elected
by joint ballot of both houses of congress, and shall hold his office
for a period of four years, and two associate justices, who shall be
selected by a majority of the justices of the peace of each county,
from among their own body, at the beginning of each and every
year, and the justices so selected shall attend said county courts,
or pay a fine to be assessed by the chief justice not exceeding one
hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The chief justices of said courts shall be commissioned
by the president, and may be sworn into office by any primary
judge, heretofore appointed by law or any legally authorized per-
son.
Sec. 3. The justices of said court shall receive, for their ser-
vices, the sum of three dollars for each day they are attending to
hold a court according to law, to be paid from the treasury of the
proper county, on the certificate of the clerk of the said court; and
for all other duties, they are authorized or required to perform,
they shall receive such compensation as may be provided by law.
Sec. 4. A majority of the justices of said court shall be neces-
sary to constitute a court, and in case a sufficient number
should not attend on the first day of any term, the sheriff of the
county may adjourn the same from day to day, for four days, at
the end of which time, if a sufficient number do not attend, he
shall adjourn the court to the next term. If from any cause a
( 1208)