150
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
open account, where the sum demanded shall exceed one hundred
dollars, and shall have concurrent jurisdiction with the district
courts, in all such suits and actions, provided that no suit relative
to the title of land shall be tried and determined in said court, and
generally to do and perform all other acts, and exercise, all other
powers, lawfully .pertaining to. a county court, within this republic.
Sec. 7. All process from the county court shall be tested in the
name of the clerk thereof, shall issue and be returnable in the same
manner and under the same penalties as prescribed in the act es-
tablishing the jurisdiction and powers of the district courts; and
all suits and actions in said county courts shall be commenced and
continued in the same manner, as near as may be, as provided in
the forementioned act.
Sec. 8. There shall be elected, by the qualified electors of each
county, on the first Monday in February next, one clerk of the
county court, who shall hold his office for the period of four years,
and shall be removable for neglect of duty or misdemeanor in of-
fice, in the same manner as clerks of the district courts: before
entering upon the duties of their office, they shall enter into, bond
with two sureties, to be approved by the courts of which they are
clerks, payable to the president and his successors in office, in the
penalty of five thousand dollars, conditioned for the faithful per-
formance of the duties of their offices; and that they seasonably
record all deeds and other instruments of writing required by law
to be recorded in their offices; and also all judgments, decrees, and
orders of said courts, and safely to keep all records, minutes, books,
papers, and whatever belongs to their offices of clerk: said bond
shall be recorded in said court and deposited in the office of the
clerk of the district court. and may be proceeded upon in the same
manner as the bonds of clerks of the district courts.
Sec. 9. In case of a vacancy in the office of clerk of the county
court, or during the unavoidable absence of such clerk, the court
in term time and the chief justice thereof, in vacation, may ap-
point a clerk “pro tempore,” who shall discharge the same duties
and have the same authority as the regularly elected clerk.
Sec. 10. The several clerks of the county courts shall be, and
they are hereby empowered to administer oaths, and affirmations
in all cases wherein an affidavit is necessary, as the foundation of
any official act to be performed by said clerk.
Sec. 11. It shall be the duty of the clerk of each county
(1210)