154
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
shall, at the next succeeding term, hear and determine such ap-
peal, and the decision of the district court shall be certified to
the court of probate, which shall carry the same into effect.
Sec. 28. The chief justice of each county shall procure, at the
expense of the county, an appropriate seal for the court of pro-
bate, and the said seal shall be fixed to all papers issuing from
said court.
Sec. 29. The chief justices shall receive three dollars for every
day they are attending to hold a probate court according to law,
to be paid on the certificate of the clerk of said court out of the
county treasury; and for all other duties they are authorized or
required to perform, they shall receive such compensation as may
be provided by law, and the associate justices shall receive, for
every day they are required to attend a probate court, the same
pay as the chief justice.
Sec. 30. The clerks of the county courts shall be clerks of the
courts of probate for their respective counties, and shall record all
wills and testaments and other instruments of writing, required by
law to be recorded in their offices, shall give certified copies of all
papers in their offices to any person applying for the same, and
shall receive for all duties required to be performed by them, by
virtue of their offices, such fees as may be prescribed by law.
Sec. 31. All probate business heretofore pending before the
primary courts, shall be transferred to,' and completed in the pro-
bate court, for the county established by this act; and any of the
primary judges heretofore acting, who shall refuse or neglect to
transmit all such business, and' all records and papers appertain-
ing thereto, shall be proceeded against in the same manner and
under the same penalties as provided in the eleventh section of the
act establishing the. jurisdiction and powers of the district courts.
Sec. 32. It shall be the duty of the several probate courts to
compel a settlement of all estates heretofore administered on,
within twelve months, and may require new security to be given,
if by them deemed necessary, within six months from the passage
of this law.
Sec. 33. It shall be the duty of the judge of the first in-
stance, of each and every county to deposits in the office of the
clerk of the county court of his county, every matter of record,
paper, document, or thing heretofore filed in the office, not by
law required to be transmitted to the district court, or to justices
of the peace.
(1214)