Laws of the Republic of Texas.
159
sary to repair the roads, causeways, or bridges in their precinct:
provided, nevertheless, that no person shall be compelled to work
on more roads than one in any one year, nor more than ten days
in the year on any road.
Sec. 9. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of the
overseer of any road to give two days previous notice by sum-
mons in person, or in writing left at their respective places of
abode, to all free male persons, as well as to the owners, over-
seers, or employers of slaves, liable to work on roads in his pre-
cinct, to meet at such time and place as he may appoint, and to
bring with them such tools to work with on the road as he shall
direct; and if any free person so summoned shall fail to attend
or send a substitute to work in his place, or when attending shall
fail or refuse to do and perform his duty therein, shall forfeit and
pay for each and every day that he shall fail or refuse to per-
form his duty as aforesaid, the sum of two dollars, together with
costs of suit, by judgment, in. the same manner as in cases of
debt, before any justice of the peace of his county; and if a slave,
the sum of two dollars for each and every day he shall fail to
attend, to be recovered in manner as aforesaid, from his owner,
overseer, or employer: provided, that all reasonable excuses shall
be heard and allowed.
Sec. 10. Be it further enacted, That if any overseer of the
road shall fail or neglect to prosecute any free person, or if a
slave, his owner, overseer, or employer, who shall fail to. attend,
or neglect or refuse to perform his duty, when lawfully sum-
moned to work on roads, without a reasonable excuse; then, and
in that case, any person liable to work on roads under such over-
seer, may recover from such overseer the full amount that such
■overseer might or could recover from such defaulter or defaulters,
for his or their refusal or neglect to perform their duty on the
road; to be recovered in the manner prescribed by the ninth sec-
tion of this act, the one-half thereof to the benefit of the prose-
cutor, and the other half to be applied in the manner herein after
prescribed by the eighteenth section of this act.
Sec. 11. Be it further enacted, That if any person or per-
sons whatever shall alter or change any public road, unless it be
done by permission of the county court of the county in which
such road is, so as to be altered or changed, shall, on conviction
thereof, forfeit and pay the sum of ten dollars for each month
the road is turned out of its old course: nor shall any person or
persons erect, or cause to be erected across any public road, any
bar, fence, impediment, or fall any tree or brush on the same,
(1219)