160
Laws' of the Republic of Texas.
and shall not move and clear away such fence, bar, impediment,
tree, or brush, within twenty-four hours thereafter, he or they
shall forfeit and pay the sum of two dollars for every day the
impediment remains in said road, to be recovered in the manner
prescribed in the 5th section of this act.
Sec. 12. Be it further enacted, That when to the overseer of
roads it may appear expedient to make causeways on the same,
said overseer shall cause them to be made at least fifteen feet wide,
and the earth necessary to cover said causeways, shall be taken
from both sides, so as to make a drain on each side of the cause-
way: he shall erect bridges across all such water courses and other
places as may appear to him necessary and expedient.
Sec. 13. Be it further enacted, That if the overseer of any
road shall fail or neglect to keep the roads, bridges, and cause-
ways within his precinct clear, and in good order, or permit them
to remain uncleaned or out of repair for twenty days at any one
time, unless hindered by high water, bad weather, or other suf-
ficient cause, to be adjudged by the court having jurisdiction of
the same, such overseer shall forfeit and pay for, every such offence
the sum of twenty dollars, to be recovered in the manner prescribed
by the fifth section of this act: provided, nevertheless, that pay-
ment of this penalty shall not prevent any person or persons who
may have sustained damage by the road being out of repair, from
recovering the amount of such damage from such overseer.
Sec. 14. Be it further enacted, That at all times the county
courts throughout this republic shall have power to establish
ferries as are hereinafter directed. That before any person
shall establish a public ferry in the republic, he shall apply to
the county court of the county in which such ferry is intended
to be established, and the court for good cause being shown by
the party applying, may grant a license to establish a ferry, and
shall affix the rates of ferriage for crossing all persons, horses,
cattle, carriages, &c., that shall pass the same, and shall more-
over require from the person or persons so applying for license,
to give bond with good and sufficient security, in the sum of one
thousand dollars, payable to the judge of the county court of the
county in which the application is made, and his successors in
office, conditioned that the person or persons to whom said
license may be granted, shall provide and constantly keep good
and sufficient boats or other craft; also the banks on each side
of the water course, in good repair; and that said ferry shall be
(1220 )