Laws of the Republic of Texas.
161
well attended, for travellers or other persons to carry or pass with
their horses, carriages or effects over such river or water-course.
Sec. 15. Be it further enacted, That if any person or per-
sons shall at any time sustain damage in consequence of any ferry-
man or owner of ferry, not having complied with the condition
of his or their bond, the person so damaged may bring an action
of debt against such ferryman or owner of such ferry, on his or
their bond, in the name of the judge of the county court of the
proper county, and recover judgment for so much damage as he,
she, or they may have sustained; and thereupon take out execution,
and cause the money to be made; an.d when made, to apply the
same to his, her, or their own use; which bond shall not be void
upon the first or any other recovery, until the whole amount there-
of has been recovered. Any person who shall be detained at any
public ferry through the neglect of the ferryman’s performing his
duty, may, by warrant from a justice of the peace of the county
in which said ferry is established, recover from such ferryman or
owner of such ferry, the sum of ten dollars for every such default
or neglect: provided, that any such recovery shall not be a bar to
any action for damages sustained by any person, by reason of the
insufficiency of such ferry.
Sec. 16. Be it further enacted, That if any person or per-
sons shall establish a ferry, or exact and demand ferriage contrary
to the provisions of this act, he or they shall forfeit and pay the
sum of five hundred dollars for every public ferry so established,
to be recovered by indictment or presentment by a grand jury in
the superior court of the county, in which such ferry shall be es-
tablished; and any person or persons who may have any licensed
ferry, who shall demand and take a greater toll than is allowed
him or them by law, or by order of the county court, shall forfeit
and pay the sum of five dollars for each and every such offence,
to be recovered by indictment or presentment of a grand jury, as
prescribed in the fifth section of this'act.
Sec. 17. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of
the judges of the superior courts of this republic to give in charge
to the grand juries of the different counties at the opening of
each term of the said courts, this act, and the grand juries shall
present the overseers of every public road, as well as the owners
and keepers of public ferries, which shall not be, or may not
have been kept in such order and repair as is required by this
act; and every person or persons who shall have altered any
( 1221)