164
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
commissary of subsistence, one surgeon, one assistant surgeon, one
instructor or sword master, one sergeant-major, one quarter master
sergeant, one principal musician, one farrier and ten companies;
and that each company shall consist of one captain, one first lieu-
tenant, one second lieutenant, four sergeants, four corporals, two
musicians and forty-six privates. And that the regiment of artil-
lery shall consist of one colonel, one lieutenant colonel, one major,
one adjutant, one assistant quarter master, one assistant commis-
sary of subsistence, one surgeon, one assistant surgeon, one ser-
geant major, one quarter master sergeant, two principal musicians
and eight companies, two of which shall be designated and equip-
ped as light artillery; and that each company shall consist of one
captain, one first lieutenant, one second lieutenant, four sergeants,
four corporals, three artificers, two musicians and fifty privates.
And that each regiment of infantry shall consist of one colonel,
one lieutenant colonel, one major, one adjutant, one assistant quar-
ter master, one assistant commissary of subsistence, one surgeon,
one assistant surgeon, one sergeant major, one quarter master ser-
geant, two principal musicians and ten companies; and that each
company shall consist of one captain, one first lieutenant, one sec-
ond lieutenant, four sergeants, four corporals, two musicians and
forty-six privates. And that the adjutant, assistant quarter master,
and assistant commissary of subsistence of each regiment shall be
taken from the subalterns of the regiment, and shall be allowed
such compensation for extra service as may be provided by law.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, &c. That there shall be one
colonel of engineers, and that the president of the republic of
Texas be, and is hereby authorized to employ such assistants as
may be necessary for the performance of the duties of the engineer
department.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, &c. That there shall be one
colonel of ordnance, and thirty enlisted men for ordnance duty,
and that the president of the Republic of Texas be, and is hereby
authorized to select from the regiments of artillery or infantry such
officers as may be necessary to perform ordnance duties, who while
so detached, shall receive the pay and emoluments allowed to ord-
nance officers.
Sec. 5. And heit further enacted, &c. That there shall be
one major general, who shall be allowed two aids-de-camp, who
shall be appointed by him, and who shall be entitled to the
rank, pay and emoluments of majors of cavalry. Two briga-
(1224 )