Laws of the Republic of Texas.
165
dier generals, each with one aid-de-camp, who shall be appointed
by him, and shall be entitled to the rank, pay and emoluments of
a captain of cavalry.'
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, &c. That there shall.be one
adjutant general and one inspector general, with the rank, pay and
emoluments of colonels of cavalry; and that there be one assistant
adjutant general and one assistant inspector general, with the rank,
pay and emoluments of majors of cavalry.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, &c. That there shall be at-
tached a brigade major as chief of the staff to each brigade, who
shall be allowed the rank, pay and emoluments of a major of cav-
airy.
Seo. 8. And be it further enacted, &c. That there shall be one
quarter master general, with the rank; pay and emoluments of a
colonel of cavalry; and four quarter masters with the rank, pay
and emoluments of majors of cavalry.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, &c. That there shall be one
commissary general of subsistence, with the rank, pay and emolu-
ments of a colonel of cavalry; and two commissaries of subsistence,
with the rank, pay and emoluments of- captain of cavalry.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, &c. That there shall be one
paymaster general and three paymasters, and there shall be one
• commissary of purchases.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, &c. That there shall be
one surgeon general and one assistant surgeon general.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, &e. That the assistant
quarter masters, and assistant commissaries of subsistence shall be
appointed by the colonels of their respective regiments, subject to
the approval of the secretary of war.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, &c. That there shall be
one provost martial to each brigade, with the rank, pay and emolu-
ments of a sergeant major.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, &c. That the quarter master,
general, quarter masters and assistants, commissary general of sub-
sistence, commissaries and assistants, pay master general and pay
masters, shall give bonds with good securities for the correct and
faithful performance of their duties, in such amounts as may here-
after be determined by law.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, &c. That the officers,
non-commissioned officers and artificers, musicians and privates,
authorised under this act, except those especially provided for,
shall have the rank, pay and emoluments that are provided in
(12-25)