166
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
like cases by existing laws, or such as may be hereafter enacted,
and that the force created and authorized by this act shall be
subject to the rules and articles of war.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, &c. That all officers con-
templated by this act shall be appointed by the president, by and
with the advice and consent of the senate, except those whose ap-
pointments are otherwise provided for in this act.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, &c. That the commissions
of those officers now absent in the recruiting service shall be valid,
provided said officers shall muster into the service of this republic
the requisite number of regular soldiers to constitute their re-
pective commands, by the first day of March next; otherwise said
commissions shall be null and void.
Sec. 18: And be it further enacted, &c. That the bounty of
lands of the soldiers now in the regular service, shall be increased
and raised to the same as those to be raised under this act.
IRA INGRAM,
Speaker of the house of representatives.
RICHARD ELLIS,
President pro tem. of the senate.
Approved, Dec. 20, 1836.
SAM. HOUSTON.
AN ACT
Creating a General Post Office, &c.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the Republic of Texas, in Congress assembled, That there
shall be, and there is hereby created and established, a general
post office, to be under the charge and direction of a postmaster
general, to be nominated by the president, subject to the approv-
al or rejection of the senate; and he hold his office for a term
of three years, and shall give bond, with approved security, in a ■
sum of not less than five thousand dollars, payable to the presi-
dent or his successors in office. The postmaster general shall
have power to appoint the necessary assistants and clerks for
doing the business of his office. He shall establish post offices,
and appoint postmasters at such places as he may deem expe-
dient, on the post roads that are or may be. established by law.
He shall give instructions to the postmasters and all other per-
( 1226 )