170
Laws of the Republic. of Texas.
Sec. 10. Be it further enacted, That if any postmaster or any
person authorized by the postmaster general to receive the post-
age of letters, shall fraudulently demand or receive any rate of
postage, gratuity or reward, further than is provided by this law,
for the postage of letters and packets, on conviction thereof, he
shall forfeit and pay for every such offence, one hundred dollars,
and shall be rendered forever incapable of holding any office of
profit or trust under this government.
Sec. 11. Be it further enacted, That no ship or vessel arriv-
ing at any port of Texas where a post office is established, shall be
admitted to report, make entry, break bulk, until the master or
commander shall have delivered to the post master, all letters
directed to any person or persons within this republic, under his
care, or within his power, which shall be brought in such ship or
vessel, except such as are directed to the owner or consignee of
such ship or vessel; and except also, such as are directed to be de-
livered at the port of delivery to which such ship or vessel may be
bound. And it shall be the duty of the collector or other officer
of the port empowered to receive entries of ships or vessels, to re-
quire of every master or owner or commander of such ship or
vessel, an oath or affirmation, purporting that he has delivered all
such letters, except as aforesaid; and if any commander or master
of any ship or vessel, shall break bulk before he shall have com-
plied with the requirements of this act, every such offender shall,
on conviction thereof, forfeit and pay for every such offence, a sum
not exceeding one hundred dollars.
Sec. 13. Be it further enacted, That the postmaster to whom
such letters or packages shall be delivered, shall obtain from the
person delivering the same, a certificate, stating the number of
letters and packets. with the name of the ship or vessel, and the
place from whence she last sailed; which certificate shall be re-
ported with his quarterly accounts current to the postmaster gen-
eral.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That if any person
other than the postmaster general or his deputy or person by
them employed, shall be concerned in setting up or maintaining
any foot or horse, post wagon or any other post carriage, on
any established post road, from one post town to another post
town, or any- road adjacent or parallel to any established post
road, or any packet, boat or other vessel, to ply regularly from
one place to another, between which a regular communication
by water shall be established by law, and shall receive any let-
(1230)