Laws of the Republic of Texas.
171
ters or packets, other than newspapers, magazines and pamphlets,
and carry the same by such foot, stage, wagon or other carriage,
packet boat or vessel, excepting only such letter or letters as may
be directed to the owner or owners of such conveyance, and rela-
tive to the same, or to the person to whom any packet or bundle
in such conveyance is intended to be delivered, every person so
offending, shall forfeit for every such offence, a sum not exceed-
ing one hundred dollars.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That the deputy post-
masters or other agents of the postmaster general, shall duly account
and answer to him, for all postages on way letters, which shall
come to their hands; and for this purpose, the post riders and other
carriers of the mail receiving any way letters, which they shall be
bound to do if presented, two miles and upwards from a post office,
shall deliver the said letter or letters to the postmaster or his dep-
uty, at the first post office he may arrive at, together with the
postage, if paid, whose duty it shall be to specify to the same as
way letters, adding six and a fourth cents additional postage on
each of such letters he may have so received, to be paid by him to
the carrier who delivered them. Letters directed to persons living
between post offices, may be delivered by the carriers, and the post-
age thereof duly collected. And it shall be the duty of the carriers
of the mails, to take charge of all such letters as shall, for that pur-
pose, be commited to him by the postmaster, and collect the post-
age thereof, which it shall be the duty of the said post rider to pay
over to the said postmaster as it is collected; and for every letter
so delivered, the same shall be allowed to receive six and a fourth
cents to his own use, besides the ordinary postage. If any post-
master or other agent of the postmaster general, shall neglect to ac-
count for the same, he or they so offending, shall, on conviction
thereof, forfeit for every such offence, a sum not exceeding one
hundred dollars.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That if any postmaster or
other agents of the general post office, shall unlawfully detain,
delay or open any letter, packet, bag or mail of letters, with which
he shall be entrusted, or which shall have to his or their posses-
sion, and which are intended to be conveyed by post; or if any
such person shall secrete, embezzle, or destroy any letter or
packet entrusted to him or them as aforesaid, and which shall
not contain any security for or assurance relating to money, as
hereinafter described, every such offender being thereof duly
convicted, shall for every such offence, be fined a sum not ex-
(1231)