Laws of the Republic of Texas.
173
thereof, any mail, letter or packet, or any article of value, such
ofender or offenders, on conviction thereof, shall be imprisoned
not exceeding three years: and if any letter or packet, not contain-
ing any article of value, or evidence thereof, out of a post office,
or shall open.any letter or packet which shall have been in a post
office, or in the custody of a mail carrier, it shall have been deliv-
ered to whom it is directed, with a design to obstruct the corres-
pondence, or to pry into another’s business; or shall secrete or em-
bezzle or destroy any such mail, letter or packet, such offender
upon conviction, shall for every such offence, pay a fine not exceed-
ing five hundred dollars, and be imprisoned not exceeding twelve
months.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, &c., That if any person
shall rip, cut, tear or burn, or otherwise injure any portmanteau,
valise, or other bag, used or directed to be used by any person act-
ing under the authority of the postmaster general, or any person
in whom his powers are vested, in the conveyance of any mail,
packet, newspaper or pamphlet; or shall draw or break any staple,,
or loosen any part of any lock, chain or strap attached or belong-
ing to any such valise, portmanteau or bag, with an intent to rob or
steal any mail, letter, packet, newspaper or pamphlet, or to render
either of the same insecure, every such offender upon conviction,
shall, for every such offence, pay a sum not exceeding five hundred
dollars, or be imprisoned not exceeding three years, at the discre-
tion of the court before whom such conviction is had.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, &c., That every person who
shall from and after the passage of this act, procure, aid, advise,
or assist in the doing or perpetrating of any of the acts or crimes by
this act forbidden to be done or performed, shall be subject to the
same penalties and punishments as the persons are subject to who
shall actually do or perpetrate any of the said acts or crimes, ac-
cording to the provisions of this act.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, &c., That every person who
shall be imprisoned by judgment of court under and by virtue of
the fourteenth, fifteenth, sixteenth, and seventeenth sections of
this act, shall be kept at hard labor or otherwise, shall be fined,
and punished as the law may direct.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, &c., That the postmasters
shall respectively publish at the expiration of every three'
months, or oftener where the postmaster general shall so direct,
in one of the newspapers at or nearest the place of his resi-
dence, for three successive weeks, a list of all the letters remain-
78—VOL. 1.
(1233 )