Laws of the Republic of Texas.
175
if any person shall take or steal any packet, mail or bag of news-
papers, out of any post office, or from any person having custody
thereof, such person upon conviction shall be imprisoned not ex-
ceeding three months for every such offence. If any person shall
enclose or conceal a letter or other thing, or any memorandum in
writing, in a newspaper or among any package of newspapers,,
which he shall have delivered into any post office, or to any person
for that purpose, in order that the same may be carried by post
free of letter postage, he shall forfeit the sum of twenty-five dollars
for every such offence, and the letter, newspaper, packet, memoran-
dum, or other thing, shall not be delivered to the person to whom
it is directed, until the amount of double letter postage is paid for
each article of which the packet is composed. Magazines and
pamphlets may be transmitted in the mail at one cent a sheet for
any distance not exceeding fifty miles: for any distance over fifty
and not exceeding one hundred miles, one and a half cents; and
two cents for every greater distance.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, &c., That the postmaster
general be authorized to allow the postmasters respectively, such
commission on the monies arising upon the postage of letters, as
shall be adequate to their respective services: provided, said com-
mission shall not exceed twenty-five per cent, on the first hundred
dollars; twenty per cent, on any sum over one hundred and not ex-
ceeding three hundred dollars; and ten per cent, on any sum over
four hundred dollars and not exceeding two thousand dollars; and
five per cent, on any sum collected, being over twenty-four hun-
dred dollars, except to postmasters who may be employed in re-
ceiving and despatching foreign mails, whose compensation may be
augmented, not exceening twenty-five dollars for one quarter. The
postmaster general may allow to the postmasters respectively, a
commission of fifty per cent, on the money arising from the
postage of newspapers, magazines and pamphlets, and each post-
master who shall be required to keep a register of the arrival and
departure of the mails, shall be allowed two dollars for each
monthly return thereof to the general post office.
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, &c., That if any postmaster,
or other person authorized to receive the postage of let-
ters, shall neglect or refuse to render his accounts, and pay over
to the postmaster general the balance by him due at the end of
three months, it shall be the duty of the postmaster general to
cause a suit to be commenced against the person so neglecting or
(1235 )