Laws of the Republic of Texas.
177
Sec. 26. And be it further enacted, &c., That if any postmaster
or other person who shall receive, open or despatch mails shall
neglect to render accounts thereof, for one month after the time
in manner and form provided by law, and by the postmaster gen-
eral’s instructions, he shall forfeit and pay double the value of the
postages which shall have arisen at the same office, in equal pro-
portion of time, previous or subsequent thereto: or, in case no
amount or account shall have been rendered at the time of trial
of such case, then such sum as the court and jury shall estimate
as equivalent thereto, to be sued for and recovered by the post-
master general, in an action on the case.
Sec. 27. And be it further enacted,&c., That all pecuniary penal-
ties and forfeitures incurred under this act, not otherwise pro-
vided for, shall be for the use of the republic of Texas.
Sec. 28. And be it further enacted, &c., That it shall be law-
ful for the postmaster general to make provision, when it may be
necessary, for the receipt of letters and packets, intended to con-
veyed by any ship or vessel beyond sea, or from any port in Texas
to another port therein; and the letters so received shall be formed
into a mail or packet, sealed up and directed to the postmaster of
the port to which such ship or vessel shall be bound; and for ever}7
letter or frank so received, there shall be paid at the time of its
reception, a postage of six and a quarter cents each, which shall
be for the use of the postmasters respectively receiving the same,
and the postmaster general may make arrangements with the post-
masters in any foreign country for a reciprocal delivery of letters,
newspapers, packets and pamphlets, through the post office de-
partment, in any manner he may deem expedient and necessary.
Sec. 29. And be it further enacted, &c., That for every letter
lodged at any post office, not to be carried by post, but to be deliv-
ered at the place where it is lodged, the postmaster shall receive six
and a fourth cents from the person to whom it may be delivered.
Sec. 30. And be it further enacted, &c., That the postmasters
and persons employed in the transportation of the mail, shall be
exempt from militia duty, serving as jurors, or working on public
highways.
Sec. 31. Be it further enacted, &c., That all causes of action
arising under this act, may be sued for, and all offenders be
prosecuted before the proper judicial officers of this republic,
they having competent jurisdiction by the laws of this republic,
of the trial of claims and demands of as great value, and crimes
(1237 )