178
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
of as great an extent; and such judicial officers shall take cogniz-
ance thereof, and proceed to judgment, and award execution as in
other cases.
Sec. 32. Be it further enacted, &c., That in all suits or causes
of action arising under this act, the courts shall proceed to trial,
and render judgment at the first term after such suit shall have
been commenced: provided, always, that whenever process shall-not
have been commenced at least ten days previous to the return day
of such term, the defendant shall be entitled to one continuance,
if the court, on the statement of such defendant, may deem it ex-
pedient: provided, also, that the defendant in such suit shall make
affidavit, that he has a claim against the general post office not
allowed by the postmaster general, although submitted to him con-
formably to the requisitions of the post office department, and
shall specify such claims in his affidavit, that he could not be pre-
pared for the trial at such term for the want of evidence, the court
in such case being satisfied in those respects, may grant a con-
tinuance until the next succeeding term.
Sec. 33. Be it further enacted, &c., That it shall be the duty
of the postmaster general to report annually, of every post road
and office, which shall not from the second year have produced
one third the amount of its expenditures.
Sec. 34. Be it further enacted, &c., That a mail or post route
that shall be established from the location of the general post office
to the head quarters of the army, and also from the general post
office to Gaines’ Ferry, on the Sabine, via Washington, Nacog-
doches and San Augustine; and also a post or mail route from
Velasco, via Brazoria, Columbia and Washington, to Viesca; and
also another route from Liberty, via Jasper and San Augustine,
to Nashville in Shelby county, said routes to go into operation
under this act, so soon as a contract can be made by the postmaster
general for transporting the mails; and the postmaster general shall
regulate and determine as to the roads on .which the said mails
shall be carried, how often, and all other arrangements relating
thereto, as he may think proper.
Sec. 35. Be it further • enacted, &c., That the sum of one
thousand dollars is hereby appropriated for the purpose of facili-
tating the transportation of the said mails, to be paid out of any
money not-otherwise appropriated.
IRA INGRAM,
Speaker of the house of representatives.
RICHARD ELLIS,
President pro tem. of the senate.
Approved, Dec. 20, 1836.	SAM. HOUSTON.
(1238 )