180
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
public, or any county within the same, from any person residing
within the county of which he is sheriff.; and that he shall well and
truly execute, and due return make, of all process and precepts to
him lawfully directed, and pay and satisfy all sums of money by
him received, by virtue of any such process or precepts, to the per-
sons to whom the same are due, or their lawful attorney; and'that
he shall faithfully perform all the duties required of him by law,
by virtue of his office of sheriff. The chief justice of the county
court shall endorse on said bond his approval of the securities, and
a certificate that he has administered the oath of office to the
sheriff; and shall cause the said bond, with the endorsements, to be
recorded in the office of the clerk of the county court, and de-
posits it in the office of the clerk of the district court. Said bond
shall not be void on the' first recovery, but may be put in suit from
time to time, until the whole amount of the penalty thereof be
recovered.
Sec. 2. When any person elected sheriff shall have given bond
as required by this act, he may enter immediately upon the dis-
charge of his duties, and his acts shall be as valid in law before
receiving his commission from the president as afterward.
Sec. 3. The sheriffs of the several counties of the republic shall
enter into bond, with security, in the following sums, to wit:—The
sheriff of Austin, in the sum of five thousand dollars; the sheriff
of Brazoria, in the sum of five thousand dollars; the sheriff of
Bexar in the sum of five thousand dollars; the sheriff of- Colorado
in the sum of five thousand dollars; the sheriff of Gonzales in the
sum of five thousand dollars; the sheriff of Goliad in the sum of
five thousand dollars; the sheriff of Harrisburg in the sum of five
thousand dollars; the sheriff of Jasper in the sum of five thousand
dollars; the sheriff of Jefferson in the sum of five thousand
dollars; the sheriff of Jackson in the sum of five thousand dollars;
the sheriff of Liberty in the sum of five thousand dollars; the
sheriff of Mina in the sum of five thousand dollars; the sheriff of
Milam in the sum of five thousand dollars; the sheriff of Mata-
gorda in the sum of five thousand dollars; the sheriff of Nacog-
doclies in the sum of five thousand dollars; the sheriff of Bed Biver
five thousand dollars; the sheriff of Refugio in the sum of five
thousand dollars; the sheriff of Sabine in the sum of five thousand
dollars; the sheriff of Shelby in the sum of five thousand dollars;
the sheriff of San Augustine in the sum of five thousand dollars;
the sheriff of San Patricio in the sum of five thousand dollars;
the sheriff of Victoria in the sum of five thousand dollars; the
sheriff of Washington in the sum of five thousand dollars.
(1240 )