182
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
Sec. 10. It shall be the duty of every sheriff to keep the peace
within his county, to quell and suppress all affrays, riots, and un-
lawful assemblies: for which purpose, he is empowered to call to
his aid the power of the county. He shall pursue, apprehend and
commit to jail, all persons charged with crime; and he may take
recognizances, with good and sufficient security, of any person he
may arrest, where the crime charged is not punishable with death,
in a reasonable penalty, conditioned for the appearance of such
offender before the first term of the proper court. He shall attend
upon all courts of record within the county, and perform all other
duties required by law of sheriffs within this republic.
Sec. 11. Whenever the sheriffs or any of their deputies shall
meet with resistance in the execution of any legal process, they
shall call to their aid the power of the county; and any person who
shall neglect or refuse to aid and assist any sheriff or deputy, in
the execution of any legal process, when summoned by them so to
do, shall forfeit and pay for the use of the county treasury, the sum
of ten dollars for each and every offence, recoverable by motion
before the county court, reasonable notice being given to the party
accused.
Sec. 12. It shall be the duty of the sheriffs to supply all prison-
ers confined in the jails of their respective counties, who are un-
able to supply themselves with sufficient wholesome food, drink
and bedding, and, when necessary, with fire, which shall be at the
expense of the republic; and the certificate of the court having
cognizance of the offence with which the prisoner is charged, shall
be a sufficient voucher for the auditor of public accounts to audit
the same, and to issue a warrant therefor.
Sec. 13. The sheriffs of the several counties shall keep their
offices at the place designated by law for holding courts within
their respective counties.
Sec. 14. It shall be the duty of the sheriffs to receive from con-
stables and other officers, all persons who shall be apprehended by
such constables or other officers, for offences against the republic,
and keep them, subject to the order of the proper court. And any
sheriff neglecting or refusing so. to do, shall be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor, and on conviction, shall be fined at the discretion of
the court before whom such conviction shall be had.
Sec. 15. Whenever any sheriff shall from any cause, vacate his
office, all writs, process or unfinished business whatsoever, shall be
transferred to his successor, and completed by him, in the same
manner as if commenced by himself.
(1242 )