Laws of the Republic of Texas.
183
Sec. 16. It shall be the duty of all sheriffs heretofore acting, to
transmit to their successors, all unfinished business in their hands;
and any sheriff neglecting or refusing so to do, shall be proceeded
against in the same manner and under the same penalties, as pro-
vided by the eleventh section of the “act establishing the jurisdic-
tion and powers of the district courts,” for proceeding against the
primary judges.
CORONERS.
Sec. 17. There shall be elected in each county of this republic,
one coroner, at the same time and in the same manner, as elections
for sheriffs are directed to be held by this act, who shall hold his
office for a period of two years. Before entering upon the duties
of his office, he shall take the oath of office prescribed by law for
all officers, and shall enter into bond, with good and sufficient se-
curity, to be approved by the chief justice of the county court, in
the penalty of one-fourth of the sum required of the sheriffs of
the same county, payable to the president and his successors in
office, conditioned for the faithful performance of the duties re-
quired of him by law by virtue of his office; which bond shall be
recorded, and deposited in the office of the clerk of the county
court, and may be sued on and recovery had in the same manner,
as the bonds of sheriffs.
Sec. 18. The provision of the fourth and fifth sections of this
act, shall apply equally to all coroners as to sheriffs.
Sec. 19. Every coroner shall take inquests of all violent, sudden
and casual deaths, which shall come to his knowledge, within the
county; for which purpose, he shall make out a precept, directed
to any constable of the county, requiring him to summons twelve
good and lawful men, of the same county, to appear before him at
a certain time and place, for the purpose of holding an inquest.
Sec. 20. The constable to whom such precept may be directed,
shall execute the same forthwith, and make return, with his pro-
ceedings endorsed thereon, to the coroner who issued it. It shall
be the duty of the coroner, to report every constable who neglects
or refuses to execute the duties required by this act; and every per-
son summoned as a juror or witness, according to the provisions
of this act, who shall fail to appear, to the next term of the county
court: and said court shall, unless a reasonable excuse be offered,
fine them in any sum not exceeding one hundred dollars, which
fine shall go into the county treasury.
(1243 )