Laws of the Republic of Texas.
185
perform all the duties required of a coroner by this act in such
cases; and such justice shall be liable to the same penalty, as coro-
ners for neglect of such duties. The justice shall receive the same
fees as coroners for the like duties, and any inquest so taken and
returned, shall be as effectual in law, as if taken and returned by
a coroner.
CONSTABLES.
Sec. 28. There shall be elected by the qualified electors of each
captain’s militia district, one constable for their respective dis-
tricts. Said election shall be held on the same day as the elections
for justices of the peace are directed to be held by law.
Sec. 29. Constables shall hold their offices for a period of two
years; and every constable before entering upon the duties of his
office, shall take the oath prescribed by law for all officers, and
shall enter into bond, with good and sufficient security, to be ap-
proved by the chief justice of the county court, in such penalty as
said chief justice shall direct, not being less than five, nor more
than fifteen hundred dollars, payable to the president and his suc-
cessors in office, Conditioned for the faithful performance of all
the duties required of him by law, by virtue of his office; which
bond, with the certificate of the oath, by some justice, endorsed
thereon, shall be recorded and filed in the office of the clerk of the
county court, and may be sued on in the same manner as sheriffs
bonds.
Sec. 30. When any person elected constable, shall fail to qualify
himself according to the provisions of this act, within twenty days
after receiving notice thereof, such election shall be deemed void,
and the chief justice of the county court shall order a new election.
Sec. 31. It shall be the duty of every constable to keep and pre-
serve the peace within his district; to aid, assist in executing the
criminal laws of the republic; to give information, without delay,
to some justice of the peace or other proper officer, of every viola-
tion of the penal laws of the republic, which shall come to his
knowledge. He shall execute and return all warrants and other
process, lawfully directed to him by any justice of the peace, or
other proper officer according to the commands thereof; and pay
over all monies when collected by him, to the justice of the peace
or the person lawfully authorized to receive the same; and in the
execution of all process, he shall be governed by the same regula-
tions, and subject to the same penalties, prescribed by law for
sheriffs.
(1245)