Laws of the Republic of Texas.
187
AN ACT
Punishing Crimes and Misdemeanors.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the senate and house of representatives
of the republic of Texas in congress assembled, That every person
owing allegiance to this republic, who shall levy war against it, or
adhere to its enemies, giving them aid and support, or shall carry
on any treasonable or treacherous correspondence with them, shall
be deemd guilty of treason, and on conviction thereof by the testi-
mony of two credible witnesses to, the same overt. act, of which
such person shall be indicted, or upon the voluntary confession of
the party accused, in open court, shall suffer death.
Sec. 2. Every person of sound memory and discretion, who
shall wilfully and maliciously kill any person within this repub-
lic; or shall aid, abet, or instigate the killing of any person as afore-
said, shall be deemed guilty of murder, and on conviction thereof,
shall suffer death.
Sec. 3. Every person, who shall kill another without premedi-
tated malice, shall be deemed guilty of manslaughter, and on con-
viction thereof, shall be imprisoned such length of time as shall
be adjudged by the court, not being less than one year nor more
than ten years, and may be branded with the letter M, in such
place as the court shall direct.
Sec. 4. Upon all indictments for murder or manslaughter, if it
shall be found by the verdict of a jury, that the party indicted,
killed the person for whose death he is indicted, in the lawful de-
fence of himself or his family, or happen to kill the person as
aforesaid, in attempting, by lawful means, to arrest the person
killed for any treason or other high crime or misdemeanor, done
and. committed or hereafter to be done and committed, or in the
discharge of any duty required by law or by misfortune, then and
in that case, the party indicted, shall be for the same fully ac-
quitted and discharged.
Sec. 5. Every person who shall wilfully and maliciously bum
any dwelling house, store, cotton gin, or authorize, shall be deemed
guilty of arson, and on conviction thereof, shall suffer death.
Sec. 6. Every person who shall steal or entice away any slave,
out of or from the possession of the owner or owners of such slave,
shall be deemd guilty of felony, and on conviction thereof, shall
suffer death.
(1247 )