188
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
Sec. 7. Every person who shall by force or violence, have sexual
connexion with another, contrary to the will of such person, shall
be deemed guilty of rape, and on conviction thereof, shall suffer
death.
Sec. 8. Every person who shall by force or violence, feloniously
take from the person of another, any goods, money, or other article
of value, shall be deemd guilty of robbery, and on conviction '
thereof, shall suffer death.
Sec. 9. Every person who shall break and enter into any dwel-
ling house or store, by night, and feloniously take therefrom any
goods, chattels, money or other articles of value shall be deemed
guilty of burglary, and on conviction thereof, shall suffer death.
Sec. 10. Every person who shall be accessary before the fact to
any murder, arson, rape, robbery or burglary, on conviction
thereof, shall suffer death.
Sec.' 11. Every person who shall be accessary after the fact to
any murder, arson, rape, robbery or burglary, shall on conviction
thereof, be fined in any sum not exceeding one thousand dollars
at the discretion of the court, and may receive thirty-nine lashes
on the bare back at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 12. Every person who shall feloniously take, steal and
carry away any goods, chattels, moneys or other article of value,
under the value of twenty dollars, or shall be accessary thereto,
shall be deemed guilty of petit larceny, and on conviction thereof,
shall restore to th e owner the goods, chattels, money or other ar-
ticle of value so stolen, or pay the value thereof to such owner, and
shall receive any number of lashes on the bare back, not exceeding-
thirty-nine at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 13. Every person who shall feloniously take, steal and
carry away any goods, chattels, money or other article of value,,
over the value of twenty dollars, or shall be accessary thereto, shall
be deemed guilty of grand larceny, and on conviction thereof, shall
restore to the owner the goods, chattels, money, or other article
of value so stolen, or pay the value thereof to the owner, and shall,
receive thirty-nine lashes on the bare back, and be branded
in the right hand with the letter T, and may be imprisoned not ex-
ceeding one year, at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 14. Every person who shall receive or buy any goods, chat-
tels, money or other article of value, feloniously taken or
stolen from any person, knowing the same to have been so taken
( 1248)