Laws of the Republic of Texas.
189
or stolen, or shall receive, harbor or conceal any felons or thieves,
knowing them to be such, shall on conviction thereof, restore the
goods, chattels, money or other article of value so received or
bought, or pay double the value thereof, and shall receive thirty-
nine lashes on the bare back.
Sec. 15. Every person who shall feloniously take or steal any
horse, mare or gelding, foal or filly, ass or mule, shall on convic-
tion thereof, restore the property so stolen, or pay the value there-
of, which shall be adjudged by the jury trying such offender, and
shall be fined in a sum not exceeding one thousand dollars, at the
discretion of the court, and shall receive thirty-nine lashes on the
bare back, and shall be branded with the letter T, in such place as
the court shall direct, and may be imprisoned for a term not ex-
ceeding one year, at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 16. Every person who shall receive or buy any horse, mare
or gelding, foal or filly, ass or mule, that shall have been feloni-
ously taken or stolen, knowing the same to have been so taken or
stolen; or shall harbor or conceal any horse or mule stealer, know-
ing them to be such, shall on conviction thereof, by the testimony
of one or more creditable witnesses, suffer the punishment of fine, ‘
whipping and branding, as prescribed in the preceding section, and
may be. imprisoned for any term not exceeding six months, at the
discretion of the court.
Sec. 17. Every person who shall feloniously take or steal any
neat cattle, hog, sheep or goat, shall on conviction thereof, pay to
the owner the full value of such property, which shall be adjudged
by the jury trying such offender, and shall receive thirty-nine
lashes on the bare back.
Sec. 18. Every person who shall assault another with intent to.
commit murder, rape or robbery, shall on conviction thereof, be
fined at the discretion of the court, and be imprisoned for a term,
not less than one nor more than five years, at the discretion of the
court.
Sec. 19. Every person who shall on oath or affirmation before,
any judicial or other officer authorized by law to administer oaths,
wilfully and maliciously swear falsely, shall be deemed guilty of'
perjury, and on conviction thereof, shall be fined in a sum not ex-
ceeding one thousand dollars, at the discretion of the court, and.
shall receive fifty lashes on the bare back, and be thereafter in-
capable of giving testimony in any court of this republic, until!
such time as the judgment against such offender be removed.
79—vol. i.
(1249 )