192
Laws of the Republic of Texas^
or cause to be cut, felled, altered or removed, any certain boundary,
tree or other allowed land mark, to the wrong of any other person,
shall on conviction thereof, be fined in any sum not less than fifty
nor more than five hundred dollars, and may receive-any number
of lashes on the bare back, not exceeding thirty-nine at the discre-
tion of the court.
Sec. 33. Every person prosecuted for writing or publishing any
libel, shall be allowed upon the trial, to give in evidence, in his
defence, the truth of the matter contained in the publication
charged as libellous.
Sec. 34. Every person convicted of writing or publishing a libel,
to be fined' in such sum, and be imprisoned such length of time, as
shall be adjudged by the court before whom such conviction shall ’
be had.
Sec. 35. No man shall marry his mother, his father’s sister, his
mother’s sister, his sister, his daughter, the daughter of his brother
or sister, the daughter of his son, or daughter, his father’s wife, his
son’s wife, his wife’s daughter, the daughter of his wife’s son, or
daughter. No woman shall marry her father, her father’s brother,
her mother’s brother, her brother, her son, the son of her brother
or sister, the -son of her son or daughter, her mother’s husband,
her daughter’s husband, her husband’s son, the son of her hus-
band’s son, or daughter. Whoever shall commit any offence men-
tioned in this section, shall be deemed guilty of incest, and on con-
viction thereof, shall be fined in a sum not exceeding one thousand
dollars, and shall be imprisoned not exceeding two years, at the
discretion of the court.
Sec. 36. No person shall be appointed to or exercise the powers
of any office, of honor, trust or profit, in this republic, who shall
hereafter be convicted of bribery, perjury, forgery, or other high
crimes or misdemeanors.
Sec. 37. Every person who shall knowingly or wilfully obstruct,
resist or oppose any officer of this republic in serving or attempt-
ing to serve or execute any legal or judicial process whatsoever, or
shall assault or wound any officer, or other person duly authorised
in serving or executing any process as aforesaid, shall on conviction
thereof, be imprisoned not exceeding one year, and shall be fined
not exceeding one thousand dollars at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 38. Every person who shall by force set at liberty or release
any person convicted of any capital offence, shall on conviction
thereof suffer death.
Sec. 39. Every person who shall by force set at liberty
(1252 )