Laws of the Republic of Texas.
193
or rescue any person committed for any offence, before the con-
' viction of such person, shall on conviction thereof be fined not
exceeding one thousand dollars, and shall be imprisoned not ex-
ceeding one year, at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 40. Every jailor or prison keeper who shall voluntarily
suffer any prisoner committed to his charge to escape, shall, on
conviction thereof, suffer the same punishment and penalties, as
the prisoner so escaping should have suffered, had he been con-
victed of the crime with which he stood charged, and every jailor
or prison keeper, who shall through negligence, suffer any criminal
to escape, shall, on conviction thereof, be fined’ at the discretion of
the court, before whom such conviction shall be had.
Sec. 41. Every person convicted of an offence, the punishment
of which is (in whole or in part,) fine and imprisonment by this act,
who shall be convicted a second time or oftener for a like offence,
shall be sentenced to pay at least double the fine, and be imprisoned
at least double the time which may have been adjudged against
such offender, on the first conviction.
Sec. 42. No person accused of any criminal offence shall be set
at liberty before his trial, on account of any irregularity or inform-
ality, in the warrant of commitment, nor after arraignment, on
account of any error or imperfection in the indictment or informa-
tion, but the same proceedings shall be had again as though such
person had never been arraigned.
Sec. 43. Every person indicted for a capital crime shall have
a copy of the indictment, and a list of the jury who are to pass
upon his case delivered to him, at least two entire days before his
trial, shall commence, and every person accused and indicted, shall
be allowed to make his full defence by counsel; and the court be-
fore whom such person is to be tried, shall, at his request, assign
such counsel not exceeding two, as he shall desire, who shall have
free access to the accused at all seasonable hours; and every person
so accused and indicted shall have the like process to compel the
attendance of their witnesses as is granted to compel the attendance
of witnesses on behalf of the republic.
Sec. 44. If any person arraigned for any crime shall not answer
to the indictment, the plea of not guilty shall be entered for them
on the record, and the court shall proceed to. the trial of such person
in the same manner as if they had pleaded not guilty.
(1253 )