202
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
returned to the first term of the district court of their counties
respectively. And any judge of the first instance, neglecting or
refusing to comply with the provisions of this act, shall be con-
sidered guilty of a high misdemeanor, and on conviction before
any court having cognizance of the same, be fined in the sum of
two thousand dollars; and shall, moreover, be liable in damages,
to the party aggrieved. And it shall.be the duty of the judges of
the first instance, to transmit all causes now pending in their courts,
for a less amount than one hundred dollars to the respective magis-
trates, in whose district the defendants may reside, under the pen-
alties above expressed.
Sec. 11. The judges of the district courts of their respective
districts, shall have power to change the venue for the trial of
any suit, civil or criminal, on good and sufficient cause set forth and
duly supported by oath or affirmation; and when a change of venue
shall be allowed in any suit, the trial thereof shall be adjourned
to the nearest adjoining county, which is free from the like ex-
ceptions: Provided, that such change of venue shall, in no in-
stance, be allowed more than once in the same cause or suit; and
in criminal prosecutions, the right to the change of venue, shall be
confined to the party prosecuted.
Sec. 12. The judges of the district courts in their respective
districts, shall set apart particular days of each term, for the trial
of criminal cases; and all fines inflicted and forfeitures accruing in
the several district courts, shall go to and be applied to the use of
the county in which they may be thus inflicted or shall accrue;
and the said judges, at their discretion, shall have power, on the
application of any person charged with a criminal offence, to hold
a special session for. the trial of such person; and the said judge
shall direct the sheriff of the county in which such special session
shall be holden, to return thereto, twenty-four persons, qualified to
act as jurors, who shall be selected in the manner prescribed by
law; any or all of whom failing to attend, or being challenged, or
set aside, a jury of the bystanders shall be empannelled for the trial
of the cause.
Sec. 13. The clerks of the several district courts shall
give bond, with security, to be approved of by the county court,
payable to the president and his successors in office, in the pen-
alty of five thousand dollars, for the safe keeping of the records,
and the faithful discharge of the duties of his office, which bonds
shall be lodged in the office of the secretary of state, and may be
put in suit on the assignment of the president, by the party or
(1262 )