Laws of the Republic of Texas.
205
the same, mentioning the time and place of his and their appear-
ance, the names of the parties to the suit, wherein testimony is to
he given, and the party at whose instance such witness is sum-
moned, and every subpoena may be made returnable immediately.
Sec. 23. Every witness summoned to any court, shall attend
from day to day and from term to term, until discharged, by the
court; or the party summoning him; and any witness failing to
appear, and attend as herein required, may be fined by the court,
in a sum not exceeding one hundred dollars, and shall be liable to
the action of the party summoning him, to the full damages which
he may sustain for want of the testimony of witness. Every wit-
ness shall receive as a compensation one dollar and a quarter
per day, that he shall so attend, and six cents for every mile that
he shall travel in going and returning, and shall receive from the
clerk of the court a certificate for the same, which shall be taxed,
and collected as costs. In criminal prosecutions the same rule shall
apply to witnesses as is required in civil cases, they shall receive
the same compensation, and. the same certificate, which shall be
paid by the defendant on conviction, or if on conviction the de-
fendant shall be unable to pay the costs, the witness appearing on
behalf of the republic, shall be paid out of the treasury of the same,
and the certificate of the clerk shall be a sufficient voucher to au-
thorise the proper officer to issue his warrant on the treasurer for
the said sum: but there shall not be allowed in the bill of costs,
a charge for more than two witnesses, for the proof of any one par-
ticular fact.
Sec. 24. Witnesses shall be privileged from arrest in all cases
except treason, felony and breaches of the peace, during their at-
tendance on any court, and in going to and returning therefrom,
allowing one day for every twenty-five. miles from their place of
abode.
Sec. 25. Any witness refusing to give evidence upon oath or
affirmation to the best of his or her knowledge, shall be committed
to prison by the court or other person authorized to take his or
her testimony, there to remain without bail until he or she shall
give such evidence.
Sec. 26. All negroes, mulattoes, Indians, and all other
persons of mixed blood, descended from negro or Indian ances-
tors, to the third generation inclusive, though one ancestor of
each generation may have been a white person, shall be incapa-
80—vol. 1.
( 1265 )