212
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
AN ACT
Regtilating Estrays.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the senate and house of representatives
of the republic of Texas in congress assembled, That any person
who shall take up any stray horse, mare, colt, mule, jack, or jenney,
which shall be found on his or her plantation or land, shall forth-
with give information thereo fto some justice of the peace for the
county, and make oath before said justice, that the same was taken
up at his or her plantation, or place of residence, or his or her land
adjoining the same, and that the marks or brands have not been al-
tered or defanced, since the same was taken up: and thereupon the
said justice shall issue his summons to two disinterested household-
ers of the neighborhood, commanding them after being duly sworn,
to value and appraise the same without partiality, favor or affection,
and certify the valuation under their hands, together with a partic-
ular description of the animal, stature, marks, brands, color and
age, which certificate shall be attested by the justice, who shall
thereupon require the taker up to enter into bond with sufficient
security in double the amount of the appraisement, payable to the
judge of the county court and his successors in office, conditioned,
that the taker up shall comply with the requisites of this act, which
bond and appraisement shall be transmitted by him to the clerk of
the county court within twenty days thereafter, to be by such
clerk entered into a book to be kept for that purpose, for which
the justice and the clerk shall each receive the sum of fifty cents
to be paid by the taker up: provided, that if two or more strays of
the same species are taken up by the same person at the same time,
they shall be included in the same entry and one advertisement,
the justice and the clerk shall receive no more fees than for one of
such strays.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That when any stray as
aforesaid shall be found dead, or shall have escaped, the taker up
shall, without delay, make report thereof to the clerk on oath, who
shall make a memorandum of the same in the margin of his book,
where the certificate of such stray or strays was registered; and
the taker up shall not be answerable for the same, nor shall the
taker up be liable for using said stray: provided, the same shall not
have been abused.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That when any stray
shall be proven away, and the owner and the taker up cannot
agree as to the expenses, application may be made by either
( 1272 )