Laws of the Republic of Texas.
213
party to the next justice of the peace, who shall require two house-
holders of the neighborhood who shall have the privilege of ap-
pointing an umpire and adjust the dispute, and their award shall
be final.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall
take or send away any stray out of the republic of Texas, on any
pretence whatsoever, through fraud, or shall trade, swap or sell
the same, under twelve months, he, she or they so offending, shall
forfeit and pay double the amount of the appraisement of such
stray or strays recoverable before any court of this republic having
jurisdiction thereof, one half to the use of the informer, and the
other half to the use of the county wherein the offence shall have
been committed; and moreover shall pay the owner the amount
of the appraisement, or if no owner appear, then to the county,
subject to the regulation as hereinafter ordered under the sixth
section of this act.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall take
up or use a stray of whatsoever description, contrary to the mean-
ing of this act, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay one hun-
dred dollars, recoverable with cost in any court of this republic, ■
having jurisdiction thereof, one half to the use of the county and
the other half to the person sueing for the same, and be answerable
in a suit for damages to the party aggrieved.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the property of every
stray or strays so taken up as aforesaid, twelve months after such
appraisement, and not proven away by the owner thereof, shall
be deemed vested in the taker up of the same; provided,
nevertheless, that should the owner apply in eighteen months he
shall receive the full amount of such appraised stray, one half
from the taker up and the other half from the county, after pay-
ing all reasonable expenses; and provided, also, that the person so
taking up, shall account for and pay into the hands of the clerk
of the county, one half of the appraised value of all such strays,
according to the true intent and meaning of this act, and if the
taker up shall neglect to account with the said clerk for the same,
he or she so failing, shall forfeit and pay the appraised value of
all such stray or strays, to be recovered by action of debt before
any court having cognizance thereof, and it shall be the duty of
the clerk to commence suits respectively against all delinquents
for the recovery of the same, and shall be entitled to receive
five per centum on all money recovered and received, and the
(1273 )