216
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
AN ACT
To Establish a General Land Office for the republic of Texas.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Eepresenta- .
fives of the republic of Texas, in Congress assembled, That there
shall be and is hereby established a general land office, for chief
officer of which shall be styled the commissioner of the general
land office, who shall hold his office at the seat of government,
whose duty it shall be to superintend, execute and perform all
acts and things touching or respecting the public lands of the re-
public of Texas.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That there shall be in the
said office, an inferior officer, to be appointed by the said principal
officer, to be employed therein as he shall deem proper, and be
called the chief clerk of the general land office; who., in all cases,
when the said principal office shall become vacant, during such
vacancy shall have the charge and custody of the seal and all
records, books and papers belonging to the said office.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said principal officer
and every other person to be appointed and employed in the said
office, shall, before he enters on the duties of his office, take and
subscribe the following oath of office: “I, A B, do solemnly swear
or affirm, that I will honestly and faithfully discharge the duties
of my office as	without favor or partiality,
so help me God.”
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioner
of the general land office shall cause a seal to be made, and pro-
vided for the said office, with such device, as the president of the
republic shall approve; and copies of any records, books, or papers,
belonging to the said office, under the signature of the said com-
missioner, or when the office shall become vacant, under the signa-
ture of the chief clerk; and the said seal shall be competent , evi-
dence, in all cases in which the original records, books or papers
could be evidence.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the said commis-
sioner shall forthwith, after his appointment, be entitled to the
custody, and shall take charge of the said seal, and also, all the
records, books and papers, in any way appertaining to the lands
of the republic, and that may now be, in the care or possession
of all empresarios, political chiefs, alcaldes, commissarios, or com-
missioners for issuing land titles, or any other person; and the
(1276)