Laws of the Republic of Texas.
219
minister oaths to the deputies as prescribed in the third section
of this act; whose duty it shall be to examine the field notes and
plats of all surveys which have been or may be made within the
bounds of his authority, for the purpose of getting a patent for
them, and see that they are correct; and shall certify the same on
the same paper on which are the field notes; and shall carefully pre-
serve in his office a copy of all such field notes and plats. And said
surveyor general shall be entitled to charge persons presenting field
notes and plats for his inspection, the following fees, viz: for
every field note and plat of a survey which lies in a square or ob-
long shape, one dollar; for every survey which has more than four
lines and less than eight, one dollar and fifty cents: over eight, and
less than thirteen, two dollars; and for all which have more than
twelve lines the sum of three dollars. And on application of any
individual in person to any one of the surveyors general, and pro-
ducing sufficient testimony of proper qualifications, he shall be
deputed by the said surveyor general to survey any where within
the bounds of his authority; for which deputation the deputee shall
pay the surveyor general the sum of three dollars.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That there shall be one
register of public lands, and one receiver of public monies for each
district to be appointed by the president, with the advice and con-
sent of the senate, for the term of three years eligible to a re-ap-
pointment; and for misconduct in office may be, suspended by the
president; who shall hold their offices at such places as congress
may by law direct. And the receiver shall enter into bond with
good and sufficient security, to be approved of and certified by the
chief justice of the county court, payable to the president and his
successors in office, in the sum of ten thousand dollars, which bond
shall not become void on the recovery thereof; conditioned well
and truly to pay all such sums or funds that may be paid to him on
account of the public funds, to the secretary of the treasury, for the
use of the republic; and said bond shall be filed in the office of the
secretary of the treasury; a certified copy of said bond from under
his hand and seal shall be evidence in any court having competent
jurisdiction, to recover judgment thereon, against such receiver of
public monies.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That any person who
is legally entitled to a grant of land of the government, either by
citizenship, heirship, or purchase, may apply in person, or by a
duly qualified representative or agent, and by producing legal and
( 1279 )