222
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
any person so aggrieved, may sue the offender in any such court
in this republic.
Sec. 20. And he it further enacted, That the president be,
and he is hereby authorized to contract for the surveying, and
cause to be surveyed at the expense of this government, a sufficient
quantity of lands to satisfy the holders of all land script that may
have been or which may herafter be issued, and sold by this
government, agreeably to law, in all respects; and the secretary, of
the treasury is hereby authorized to pay out of any monies in the
treasury, not otherwise appropriated, all expenses which may ac-
crue in the completion of said surveys.
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That whereas many persons
have received titles under the colonization laws, as colonists from
the different commissioners of the country: and, whereas many
conditions were, by the laws attached, to said titles—that all such
conditions be, and are hereby cancelled and the titles to all such
lands be, and are hereby ratified and confirmed; Provided, that
such persons shall pay, or cause to be paid into the office of the
receiver of the land office of the district where such lands may be
situated, or into the office of the secretary of the treasury, within
six months after the opening of the land office, all money -which
may be due or owing on the same: Provided, that the conditions
of remaining in the country, and the provision prohibiting a sale
to aliens, shall not be repealed by this law: And further provided,
that no title by this act shall be confirmed, which was illegal or
invalid ab initio: And be it further provided, that it shall not affect
the rights of third persons: And further provided, this act shall
not extend to the benfit of any grantee or individual, for a greater
amount of land than one league and one labor, or that granted to
like citizens by the constitution of this republic.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That no person shall by
virtue of an improvement, have a right to claim more than one
league and labor of land, and that improvement shall consist in
the clearing and fencing, in a farmer-like manner, at least four
acres of land; and the privilege shall not extend to any person
who has previously got a grant to the quota of land to which they
are entitled by citizenship, nor to any person or persons entitled
to a grant of land by purchase.
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, ■ That the several land
offices shall open and. go into operation on the first day of June
next, and their operations will then be confined to the complet-
ing of land titles to all those who, by the existing and previous
( 1282 )