Laws of the Republic of Texas.
223
laws, have acquired a preference to the first location; of this class,
are all citizens who were here on the day of the declaration of in-
dependence, and those volunteer soldiers who have served a tour
of duty in the army of Texas previous to that time. For these
classes of claimants, the land office shall be opened and remain six
months in operation, granting and completing titles alone to that
description of claimants; after which, all other legal claimants
shall be entitled to have their land titles completed, as is herein
provided for and directed.
Sec. 24. And he it further enacted, That every emigrant who
arrives in this republic, from and after the first day of January
next, who is a free white person, and is the head of a family, and
who shall actually reside within the government with his family,
shall be entitled to a conditional grant for twelve hundred and
eighty acres of land, by paying the fees of office and for survey-
ing. The conditions of said grant shall be, that the grantee shall
remain and reside here, and his or her family, both within this
government, and do and perform all the duties required of other
like citizens, for a term of three years, after which time and several
acts, he or she shall have and receive an unconditional patent for
said land; and in no case whatever, shall a grant of that description
be patented, unless it be satisfactorily proven, that all the con-
ditions of the grant have in fact and in good faith, been complied
with. And all single free white men, who may emigrate to the
country after the first day of January next, shall be entitled to
six hundred and forty acres of land, and so soon as they shall
marry, they shall receive an additional quantity of six hundred and
forty acres of land, upon the same conditions above named; and
all laws contrary to the purview and meaning of this act, are here-
by repealed and declared null and void, so far as regards their fu-
ture operation.
Sec. 25. And be it further enacted, That in case any survey
shall cross the dividing line between any two counties, it shall be
competent for the register who issued this order of survey, to pro-
ceed in the same manner, as though the land was wholly situated
within his land district.
Sec. 26. And be it further enacted, That in case doubt
should arise as to the boundary line of any land district, it shall
be competent for the registers of the two land offices, concerning
whose boundary the doubts exists, to determine the doubt, and
agree upon the line between them, which shall be as valid in .
law, as though the said -line had been defined by act of this con-
(1283 )