228
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
AN ACT
To suppress Gambling.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the Republic of Texas, in Congress assembled, That the
game of faro, roulette, monte, rouge et noir, and all other games
of chance, which are played by persons holding banks for the
purpose of inviting or receiving betters thereto, within this re-
public, are hereby made penal offices, and shall be punished as
hereinafter prescribed.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That any person within this re-
public, who shall keep a bank for either of the above mentioned
games, or any game of their character, or shall in any way be em-
ployed as a dealer or assistant, to any one or either of them, shall
on conviction thereof, be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and
shall be fined in a sum not exceeding two thousand dollars, nor
less than one hundred dollars: one half of the fine recovered to go
to the republic, and the other half to. the informer, who shall
prosecute the offender to conviction upon other evidence than his
own oath.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That any person who shall know-
ingly permit any one of the above mentioned games to be played
in his or her house, shall on conviction thereof, be fined in a sum
not exceeding one thousand dollars, nor less than five hundred
dollars.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of every
justice of the peace within this republic to take cognizance of any
offence against this act which shall come to his knowledge by in-
formation or otherwise: and shall thereupon issue his warrant com-
manding the accused to appear before him forthwith, to be ex-
amined and held to bail at the next term of the district court.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of the
grand juries of the different counties of the republic to enquire
into, and present all disorderly houses and persons guilty of a
breach of the above recited, act; and it shall be the duty of the
judges of the district courts to give it in charge to the grand juries.
Sec. 6. Be it further enacted, That betting of checks, notes of
hand, or any other representative of money or article of value,
shall be so construed as coming under the provisions of this act;
nor shall a person charged with the above mentioned offences be
discharged for informality in an indictment.
(128S )