230
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
be unjust and ruinous to the interests of the country; and the
congress of Texas being desirous of executing, in good faith all its
obligations: Therefore,
Sec. 1. Be it enacted, by the senate and house of representa-
tives of the republic of Texas in congress assembled, That the sec-
retary of the treasury be, and he is hereby directed, upon the
surrender of the scrip issued by the commissioners to the parties
to the loan aforesaid, or any of them, to calculate interest at the
rate of eight per centum per annum, on the amount the party
so surrendering may be entitled to, from the day and date of the
loan to the day of surrender; and shall issue to the person or his
assignee, land scrip at the rate of fifty cents the acre, in tracts
of six hundred and forty acres each: and the said secretary shall
issue scrip to the amount of twenty thousand acres, to be divided
and distributed to the parties aforesaid, in the ratio that the
amount they respectively hold bears to fifty thousand dollars in
tracts'of six hundred and forty acres each: Provided, that the said
scrip shall not be located on land except by its legal subdivisions.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That before the parties or any of
them shall be entitled to. receive his scrip under the provisions of
this act, he shall file in the office of the secretary of the treasury,
by himself or a legally authorized agent or attorney, a copy of the
original contract, and also file a relinquishment on his part, of all
further claim upon the government or the commissioners growing
out of the contract aforesaid, and accept and receive the same scrip
in lieu of all liabilities whatever: and the parties who may not now
file their relinquishment aforesaid shall have six months to accept
of the provisions of this act and be entitled to all its benefits.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That scrip issued by virtue of
this act, shall not in any manner interfere with the rights or claims
of those entitled to lands as citizens of Texas at the day of the
declaration of Independence, but shall be placed on equal footing
with all other existing claims, as to the time and mode of locating
the same; and after the first day of October eighteen hundred and
thirty seven, shall have preference over all claims originating after
that time, and shall not be subject after location to a higher rate
of taxation than that imposed by law on citizens holding lands of
like quality.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That the parties holding the
scrip, issued under the authority of this act may transfer the
same, by assignment, and the assignees shall have all the rights
(1290)