Laws of the Republic of Texas.
233
cancies that may exist in either house of Congress; and that he be
required to order the polls to be opened for the election of repre-
sentatives for the depopulated districts in any part of this repub-
lic, where the citizens of said counties may be temporarily residing,
until such times as. the citizens of said counties may be permitted
to return with safety to their homes. This resolution shall con-
tinue and be in force during the continuance of the war, and no
longer.
B. T. ARCHER,
Speaker of the house of representatives.
JESSE GRIMES,
President pro tem. of the Senate.
Approved, June 5, 1837.
SAM. HOUSTON.
AN ACT
To legalise certain Marriages; to provide for the celebration of
Marriages and for other purposes.
Whereas, in many parts of Texas no person legally, authorized
to celebrate the rites of matrimony has existed; and whereas, from
that cause many persons, have resorted to the practice of marrying
by bond, and others have been married by various officers of Jus-
tice not authorized to celebrate such marriages; and whereas, pub-
lic policy and the interests of families require some legislative ac-
tion on the subject: therefore,
Be it enacted by Senate and House of Representatives of the
republic of Texas, in Congress assembled, That all persons who
have so intermarried be, and they are hereby authorized to go be-
fore any of the persons hereinafter provided for-and publicly sol-
emnize the rites of matrimony; and all marriages so solemnized are
hereby declared of legal and binding effect, from the period the
persons had previously intermarried agreeably to the custom of the
times; and the issue of such persons are hereby declared legitimate
children; Provided, however, that such marriages shall be cele-
brated within six months from the passage of this law; and pro-
vided further, that no legal bar exists to such marriage.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That in cases where per-
sons have intermarried as aforesaid agreeably to the customs of
the country, and either the husband or wife has died previous to
( 1293 )