Laws of the Republic of Texas.
237
title of the “Trustees of the Washington College,” and by that
name they and their successors in office shall and may have con-
tinual succession, and shall be persons in law, capable of suing and
being sued, pleading and being impleaded, answering and being
answered unto, defending and being defended in all courts and
places whatsoever; and that they and their successors may have a
common seal and may change and alter the same at pleasure, and
also that they and their successors by the same name and style,
shall be in law capable of holding, purchasing and conveying any
estate, real, personal or mixed for the use of the said college, and
doing and performing all things which are necessary or common for
corporation of a like nature to do not contrary to the constitution
of this republic or the provisions of this charter as hereinafter
enacted.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That every person who has sub-
scribed or may hereafter subscribe and pay into the treasury of the
college the sum of ten dollars, shall ever afterwards be considered
a member, and have the right of a voice, either in person or by
proxy, in the selection of trustees, and shall himself be eligible
to the office of trustee.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That the trustees of the Washing-
ton College shall be elected annually by the subscribers and con-
tinue in office until their successors are duly elected; and a less
number than five shall not be a competent bodv for the transac-
tion of business, nor shall the whole number consist at any one
time, of more than twenty-five.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That the trustees for the time
being shall have full power to enact such by-laws, rules and regu-
lations for the government of said College as they may deem neces-
sary for the prosperity of the same.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That the chartered property of
the College shall be liable for the debts of the same.
Sec. 6. Be it further enacted, That the institution hereby in-
corporated shall be located at, or in the vicinage of the town of
Washington on the Brazos river.
Sec. 7. Be it further enacted, That the privileges, benefits and
facilities of the said College shall be equally accessible to all without
regard to peculiarity of opinion.
B. T. ARCHER,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
JESSE GRIMES,
President pro tem. of the Senate-
Approved, June 5, 1837.
SAM. HOUSTON.
82 —VOL. 1.
(1297)