238
Laws of the Republic of Texas-
AN ACT
To Incorporate the Town of N acogdoches and other Towns herein
named.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted, by the Senate and house of representa-
tives of the republic of Texas, in congress assembled, That the citi-
zens of the town of Nacogdoches, be and are hereby declared a
bodjr corporate and politic, under the name and style of' the “Cor-
poration of the town of Nacogdoches,” who shall have the power
of suing and being sued, of pleading and being impleaded, and to
hold and dispose of real and personal property within the' limits
of said corporation.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty
of said citizens to elect eight aldermen, a presiding officer or mayor,
a treasuer and secretary; who shall be selected by them from their
own body; that a collector shall be elected by said citizens; the
treasurer and collector being required to give satisfactory security,
and make reports when required by the mayors warrant; that the
corporation shall elect one constable; and the mayor when neces-
sary to suppress riots and distubances, shall have power to call out
the posse, for the purpose of restoring order.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That the first election shall be
held under the direction of the chief justice of the county, after
having given ten days notice thereof, and annually afterwards by
the presiding officer, at least ten days prior to the expiration of his
term of office, and that in case of death or resignation, the vacancy
or vacancies shall be filled by new elections.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That no person shall be eligible
to hold an office in said corporation or to vote for the members of
said body, unless he shall be the owner of real estate in said town,
and shall have acquired the rights of citizenship in conformity with
the laws of this republic.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty
of the aldermen from time to time to pass such rules and ordi-
nances for the regulation of the police and preservation of or-
der, within the corporation limits as may be necessary, to levy
taxes for the removal of nuisances, and keeping the streets in or-
der, and prescribing the penalties; Provided, however, than to tax
shall be levied unless by consent of two thirds of the aldermen
present: it being assessed accordingly to the valuation of prop-
erty, and when a meeting is called for this purpose, the object
( 1298 )