Laws of the Republic of Texas.
241
AN ACT
To authorize the Consolidation and Funding of the Public Debt.
Whereas, it is deemed expedient to consolidate the public debt
by the creation of a stock fund commensurate therewith, by issuing
certificates of stock in suitable and convenient shares; it is also
deemed expedient, in order that the public credit be sustained and
the public creditors relieved by the payment of a fair interest on
the government liabilities, that the same be thus consolidated, and
placed in a tangible form, so that the interest may be annually
paid, and the debt secured to the public creditors until its final
redemption;—Therefore,
Sec. 1. Be it enacted, by the senate and house of representa-
tives of the republic of Texas, in congress assembled, That a gov-
ernment stock be created to the amount of three millions of dol-
lars, or so much thereof as may be deemed necessary to satisfy the
just liabilities of the republic, to be divided into shares of one hun-
dred dollars each, the certificates of which shall be issued under
the direction of the secretary of the treasury, signed by the stock
commissioner and countersigned by the comptroller, which stock
certificate shall bear interest at the rate of ten per centum per
annum, which interest shall for the first year be paid at the end
thereof, and thereafter semi-annually at the treasury of this repub-
lic or at such other point as the secretary of the treasury shall
direct by public advertisement.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That the interest on the said
certificates of stock, shall be computed from the first day of Sep-
tember, one thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven; and that
the whole stock so created shall be redeemable at the discretion of
the government, at any time after the first day of September,
eighteen hundred and forty-two, by giving six months previous
notice of such intention by public proclamation.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That the public faith is hereby
pledged for the redemption of said stock agreeably to the fore-
going provisions; and so much of the public revenue arising from
impost and direct taxation, as may be necessary to meet the an-
nual interest of the funded debt - is hereby appropriated and set
apart for that special purpose.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That the holders of certificates
of this stock shall not be permitted to transfer the same only on
the books of the stock commissioner, by the holder in
person, his lawful attorney or legal representative, under such
rules and regulation as the secretary of the treasury shall di-
(1301 )