Laws of the Republic of Texas.
245
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That the first election shall be
held under the direction of the chief justice of the county, after
having given ten days notice thereof, and annually afterwards by
the presiding officer, at least ten days prior to the expiration of
his term of office, and that in case of death or resignation, the
vacancy or vacancies shall be filled by new
by the mayor.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted. That no
elections, to be ordered
person shall be eligible
to hold an office in said corporation to vote for the members of
said body, unless he shall have resided within said corporation dur-
ing the period of six months immediately preceding such election
and have acquired the rights of citizenship in conformity with the
laws of this republic.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of the
trustees, from time to time to pass such rules and ordinances for
the regulation of the police and preservation of order, within the
corporation limits as may be necessary, to levy taxes for the re-
moval of nuisances and keeping the streets, and to prescribe pen-
alties: Provided however, that no tax shall be levied unless by con-
sent of two thirds of the citizens present: said tax to be assessed
according to the valuation of property, and when a meeting is
called for this purpose, the object must be stated in the notice, and
for the collection of which personal property alone shall be subject
to be seized.
'Sec. 6. Be it further enacted, That whereas there are four
leagues of land belonging to said town which are now useless, the
trustees shall and are hereby authorised and empowered in con-
junction with the county court of the county of Liberty, to alienate
said lands, or such portion thereof as they may deem advisable; the
proceeds of such sale or sales to be by them jointly appropriated
to the construction of a court house, jail, and such other public
buildings and for such other purposes as they may think proper;
Provided always, that those persons who have taken lots in said
town shall have the right of keeping the same, and it shall be the
duty of said commissioners and of the'county court, to issue titles
to such individuals upon their paying to the treasurer the amount
of the valuation of the lots so taken.
Seo. 7. Be it further enacted, That the said trustees shall have
the privilege of establishing schools within said corporation.
( 1305 )