Laws of the Republic of Texas.
255
per cent ad valorem. Lead; all articles of which lead forms a
component part, twenty per cent ad valorem. Tin; all articles of
which tin. forms a component part, twenty per cent ad valorem.
Brass; all articles of which brass forms a component part, twenty
per cent ad valorem. Pewter; all articles of which pewter forms
a component part, twenty per cent ad valorem. Glass, and glass
ware, twenty per cent ad valorem. Earthern ware, twenty per cent
ad valorem. Ivory, twenty per cent ad valorem. Drugs and medi-
cines of all descriptions, twenty per cent ad valorem. Paints of all
descriptions, twenty per cent ad valorem. Furniture of all classes,
fifteen per cent ad valorem. Fire arms and munitions of war of
all descriptions, free. Carriages; pleasure carriages of all descrip-
tions, twenty-five per cent ad valorem. Wagons, carts, drays, &c.,
ten per cent ad valorem. Playing cards, fifty per cent ad valorem.
Coal, free. Corks, twelve and a half cents per pound. Combs of
all descriptions, twenty-five per cent ad valorem. Cordage, and
bale rope, two cents per pound. Lumber of all descriptions free.
Building stone, bricks, tiles, or slates, free. Lime for building,
free. Tobacco, in segars, two dollars and fifty cents per thousand:
tobacco in any form than in segars, thirty per cent ad valorem.
Seeds of all descriptions, free. Brushes of all kinds thirty per cent
ad valorem. Paper; blank post folio, or quarto paper, ten per
cent ad valorem: blotting, cartridge, and copying paper, seven per
cent ad valorem. Saltpetre, six and one fourth cents per pound;
and all other articles, not herein enumerated, shall pay a duty of
twenty-five per cent ad valorem.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, and so forth, That the follow-
ing designated places, with their given boundaries, be made ports
of entry, and within which bounds custom houses shall be es-
tablished, and collectors of the public revenue shall be appoint-
ed, and reside at the several ports for which they were appoint-
ed, viz. Commencing at the Rio Grande, and following the coast
of the Gulf, East, to the mouth of San Antonio river, shall at
present compose the south-western collectoral district, which shall
be called the district of Aransaso. Commencing at the mouth
of the San Antonio river, and following the coast of the
Gulf eastwardly to the mouth of Cedar Lake, shall compose one
collectoral district, to be called the district of Matagorda.
Commencing at the mouth of Cedar Lake Creek, and following
the coast of the Gulf, east, to the mouth of. Oyster creek, shall
compose one collect oral district, which shall be called the dis-
(1315)