Laws of the Republic of Texas.
257
oath shall be subscribed in presence of the collector: “I, A B,
do solemnly swear that the foregoing entry contains a full, true,
and just account of all the goods consigned to me, together with
the cost thereof, now on board (here mention the vessel and cap-
tain’s name, and where from) to the best of my knowledge and be-
lief, so help me God.” And it shall be the duty of the collector, or
the officers appointed under him, to take an account of all goods
so imported; and all goods found over and above the quantity rep-
resented in the entries, shall be confiscated for the use of the re-
public. And it shall also be the duty of said collectors to have all
dutiable goods securely lodged in public stores, until the duties are
properly secured: they shall in all cases where the duties are not
paid down, require two or more responsible securities, as in their
judgment may be deemed proper, for the payment of all such du-
ties, accruing to this government in conformity with the foregoing
tariff.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, &e. That where any importer,
factor, or consignee, whose duties, by any one importation, shall
amount to five hundred dollars or upwards, that the amount shall
be divided and securely bonded, payable, the one-half in three, and
the other half in six months from the date of entry; and"on all sums
under five hundred dollars, and over one hundred dollars, three
months; and on all sums under one hundred dollars the duties must
be paid in cash. And on all foreign vessels entering the ports of
this republic, there shall be collected one dollar per ton, tonnage
duties; and also, such fees of office for clearing, registering, and
transferring vessels, as may be lawful to receive in the ports of the
United States of America for the same services. And it is also fur-
ther provided, that the collectors shall give bond and security in
the sum of twenty-five thousand dollars, conditioned for their true
and faithful performance; and be required to make their returns
quarterly to the treasury department, showing the number and
class of vessels which have entered, their separate and aggregate
amount of tonnage, together with the aggregate amount of goods,
when and by whom introduced, the amount of money, date, and
from whom received; the amount bonded, and when payable; and
that the same be published quarterly by order of the secretary
of the treasury. And any collector of the public revenue, who
is found guilty of embezzling the same, or conniving, aiding, or
abetting in defrauding the public treasury, shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof before a
competent tribunal, shall be punished accordingly, dismissed
(1317 )