Laws of the Republic of Texas.
259
oath of office, and whose duty it shall be to perform the duties of
the principal, when from any unavoidable cause he may be ren-
dered incompetent to perform his duties as required by law: and
at such ports as would permit, the chief clerk may be appointed.
And be it further provided, That the principal collector shall be
held accountable for the acts of his deputy, and all other subordi-
nate officers by him intrusted. And the principal or deputy shall
have the power to administer oaths in all cases pertaining to their
duties. They shall not be removed from office during the adminis-
tration under 'which they were appointed, without just cause. And
be it further provided, That all duties or public dues of whatever
nature or description, shall be collected or paid in gold, silver, or
such current bank paper as the authorities shall from time to time
direct. And all debts due to this republic for duties -or other pub-
lic revenue, shall be considered and have preference and privilege'
over all other claims.
B. T. ARCHER,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
JESSE GRIMES,
President pro tem. of the senate.
Approved, June 12, 1837.
SAM. HOUSTON.
AN ACT
To raise a Public Revenue by direct Taxation.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted, by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the republic of Texas, in Congress assembled, That there
shall be levied on all real, personal, or mixed property, within this
republic, a direct tax equal to one half of one per cent, ad valorem,
which shall be levied and collected in the way and manner here-
after provided.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, &c. That there shall be appoint-
ed in each county of this republic one assessor, which shall
be appointed by the county courts of the several counties, who shall'
require of them bond and security for their faithful performahce,
and administer to them their' oaths of office, which oath
shall he the same as prescribed for all public offices, vary-
ing the same to suit their several offices. It shall be the duty
(1319 )