262
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
sessed and collected on each head of horned cattle or horses in this
republic, belonging to citizens in the United States, one dollar per
head; and it shall be the duty of every person having in his posses-
sion or care property belonging to any individual in the United
States or elsewhere, to render to the assessor a list of the same.
Sec. 8. Be it further enacted, &c. ■ That each and every white
male, over the age of twenty-one years, and under fifty-five years of
age, shall pay the sum of one dollar.
Sec. 9. Be it further enacted, &c. That properly audited drafts
on the treasury of this republic - shall be received in payment of
taxes imposed in this bill, except on billiard tables, retailers of
liquors, and nine pin alleys, or any game of that kind.
Sec. 10. Be it further enacted, &c. That all pedlars of goods,
wares, or merchandise, shall pay to the county court the sum of
fifty dollars in cash for every county they shall vend any article in;
and for vending any goods, wares, or merchandise, without a license
they shall be fined in the sum of five hundred dollars for each and
every offence, to be collected by any court having cognizance of
the same.
B. T. ARCHER,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
JESSE GRIMES,
President pro tem. of the Senate.
Approved, June 12, 1837.
SAM. HOUSTON.
JOINT RESOLUTION.
For Publishing the Laws and Journals.
Resolved, by the Senate and House of Representatives of the
republic of Texas, in Congress. assembled, That the secretary
of state be authorized to have published at the expense of
this government, five hundred copies of the journals of both
houses of congress, and two thousand copies of the colonization
laws of the general congress of Mexico and of the state of Co-
ahuila and Texas, of the acts and decrees and resolutions of the
consultation of eighteen hundred and thirty-five, and of the or-
dinances and decrees of the provisional council of eighteen
hundred and thirty-five, and eighteen hundred and thirty-six: of
( 1322 )