Laws of the Repuhlic of Texas.
263
the convention of March, eighteen hundred and thirty-six: and the
acts and joint resolutions of this congress, and that he furnish each
member of this congress, the several judges, justices, clerks and
sheriffs of this republic with a copy of each.
B. T. ARCHER,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
JESSE GRIMES,
President pro tem. of the Senate.
Approved, June 12, 1837.
SAM. HOUSTON.
AN ACT,
Supplementary to an act entitled “an act to establish a general
land office for the republic of Texas,” passed Dec. 22, 1836.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the republic of Texas, in Congress assembled, That the
land office, as established by the act passed on the twenty-second
day of December last, shall go into operation on the first day of Oc-
tober next, unless the county shall be invaded to an extent in-
ducing the President to call out at least one third of the militia
for its defence; in which case the President shall have power to
close the land office by proclamation, until such invasion has termi-
nated.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, &c. That the whole republic of
Texas shall be sectionized as follows: One base line and four
meridian lines shall be run in such manner as the commissioner of
the general land office shall direct; provided, that no locations or
surveys heretofore made agreeably to law, shall be affected by such
sectionizing; and provided further, that these sectional lines shall
not affect the previous or future surveys of land; but all lands sur-
veyed for individuals, or for the government, lying on water
courses, shall front one half of the square on the water, the line
running at right angles with the general course of the stream, and
all others, not on water courses, shall be square, if previous lines
will permit; and if not, to be run as circumstances will permit.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, &c. That in all cases the registers
and receivers of the land offices shall be furnished with written in-
structions by the commissioner of the general land office, for their
government.
( 1323 )