264
Lazos of the Republic of Texas.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, &c. That after the first day of
October next, no individual arriving in the country shall be en-
titled to land as an emigrant; and from this time forward, no- more
bounty land shall be given as an inducement to any one to enter
into service in the army of Texas.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, &c. That it is -hereby declared
that all empresarios’ contracts having ceased on the day of the
declaration of independence, all the vacant lands of Texas are the
property of this republic, and subject alone to the disposition of
the government of the same.
Sec. 6. Be it further enacted, &c. That it is hereby made the
duty of all empresarios, commissioners, political chiefs, alcaldes,
and other persons, to deliver over to the commissioner of the gen-
eral land office, all titles, surveys, books, papers, documents, or
other things in-their possession or charge, belonging to this repub-
lic, or which by this act is made public property, and so contem-
plated to be delivered over as aforesaid, which shall be delivered
over as aforesaid, on the application in person of said commis-
sioner, or to his order in writing.
Sec. 7. Be it further enacted, &c. That should any empresario
refuse to comply with the provisions of the foregoing section, he
shall be liable to prosecution, and shall on conviction, forfeit to
the government of Texas all premium lands granted, or which he
could claim by virtue of his said contract; and should any commis-
sioner, political chief, alcalde, or other person, refuse to, comply
with the provisions of the foregoing section, he shall be liable to
prosecution, and shall, on conviction, be fined in the penal sum of
twenty-thousand dollars; and he. shall, moreover, be imprisoned
until he deliver up said surveys, books, &c., as required by law.
Provided, That all prosecutions under this act shall issue from and
be tried at the seat of government of this republic.
Sec. 8. Be it further enacted, &c. That in order to settle the
claims of empresarios, each and every one of the same are hereby
authorized to institute a suit against the president of the republic
of Texas and his successors in office; which suit or suits shall be
tried in the county in which is situate the seat of government of
the republic of Texas; and shall be tried as all other
land suits are required by law to be tried. And should any
empresario who shall thus sue, fail to establish the claim
for which he sues, he shall pay all the costs of such suit. Pro-
(1324)