Laws of the Republic of Texas.
265
vided. That neither aliens, nor the assignees of aliens, shall be en-
titled to the benefit of this act.
Sec. 9. Be it further enacted, &c. That it shall be the duty of
the attorney general, to attend to. all such cases in behalf of the re-
public of Texas; and he shall receive as a compensation for his ser-
vices, the sum. of five hundred dollars, in each and every case; and
the president is authorized to employ such additional council as in
his opinion he may deem proper, and allow him such compensation
as he may deem proper. Provided, however, such compensation
shall not exceed the compensation allowed the attorney general.
Sec. 10. Be it further enacted, &c. That it shall be the duty of
the president to appoint, during the present session of congress, all
the officers contemplated by the land law passed on the twenty-
second day of December last.
Sec. 11. Be it further enacted, &c. That it shall be the duty of
the surveyor, upon returning the field notes of any survey, to cer-
tify upon oath that said survey was made either previous to the
closing of the land office by the consultation, or subsequent to the
opening of the land office by the present session of congress, as the
case may be, which shall also be certified by the chain carriers, if to
be found in the republic, and if not, by at least two respectable wit-
nesses.
Sec. 12. Be it further enacted, &c. That the secretary of war
shall, immediately from and after the passage of this act, issue to
all persons entitled to bounty lands for military services in this re-
public, a certificate or certificates of the same, and shall keep a
record in his office of all such certificates so issued by him, upon
the applicant having an honorable discharge, signed by the. com-
manding officer of the company to which he was attached, and
countersigned with certificates of at least one field officer or com-
mandant of a post.
Sec. 13. Be it further enacted, &c. That it shall be the duty of
the surveyor-general of each land district to appoint not less than
six deputy surveyors in his land district, and as many more as he
may deem necessary, and shall assign to each deputy a certain por-
tion of territory, in which no other surveyor shall be allowed to
survey.
. Sec. 14. Be it further enacted, &c. That each deputy-
surveyor shall, before entering upon the duties of office, give a
bond payable to the president of the republic of Texas, and his
(1325 )