Ordinances and Decrees.
9
suitable persons be appointed to take charge of all
the archives belonging to the different Land Offices,
and deposite the same in safe places, secure from
the ravages of fire or devastations of enemies; and that the
persons so appointed be fully authorized to carry the same
into effect, and be required to take and sign triplicate sched-
ules of all the books, papers and documents found in the
several Land Offices, one of which shall be given to the Gov-
ernor and Council, one left in the hands of the officers of the
Land Office, the other to be retained by the said persons: and
they are enjoined to hold the said papers and documents in
safe custody, subject only to the orders of the Provisional
Government, or such competent authority as may hereafter
be created. And the said persons shall be three from each
Department as Commissioners to be forthwith appointed by
this House, to carry this Resolution into full effect, and re-
port thereof to the Governor and Council; that the political
chiefs immediately cease their functions. The different Arch-
ives of the different primary Judges, Alcaldes and other mu-
nicipal officers of the various jurisdictions shall be handed
over to their successors in office, immediately after their elec-
tion and appointment; and the archives of the several Politi-
cal Chiefs of Nacogdoches, Brazos, and Bexar shall be trans-
mitted forthwith to the Governor and Council, for their dis-
position.
ARTICLE XV.
All persons, now in Texas, and performing the duties of
citizens, who have not acquired their quantum of land, shall
be entitled to the benefit of the Laws on Colonization under
which they emigrated; and all persons who may emigrate to
Texas during her conflict for Constitutional Liberty, and
perform the duties of Citizens, shall also receive the benefits
of the law under which they emigrated.
ARTICLE XVI.
The Governor and Council shall continue to exist as a
Provisional Government until the re-assembling of this Con-
sultation, or until other Delegates are elected by the people
and another Government established.
58 —VOL. 1.
( 913 )