18
Ordinances and Decrees.
An Ordinance to authorize and em^pozver Thomas F. M'-
Kinney, of Velasco, to borrow one hundred thousand
Dollars, and making it the duty of the Governor to give
him corresponding Commission Instructions, &c.
Sec. 1. Be it ordained and decreed, and it is hereby or-
dained and decreed, by the General Council of the Provisional
Government of Texas, That Thomas F. M’Kinney, of Velasco,
be, and is hereby authorized and empowered, in behalf of the
Provisional Government aforesaid, to borrow as speedily as
possible, the sum of one hundred thousand Dollars, to be nego-
tiated as a temporary Loan, payable from the first permanent
Loans which may be effected for and in behalf of the Govern-
ment aforesaid, on the most advantageous terms, as regards
time and rate per cent., which the money market may afford:—
provided, nevertheless, that said Loan shall not be effected so
as to require payment in a less time than one year, and the
rate of interest not exceeding ten per cent. per annum.
Sec. 2. And be it further ordained and decreed, That
it shall be, and it is hereby made the duty of the Governor,
immediately on the final passage of this Ordinance, to com-
mission, advise and instruct the aforesaid Thomas' F. M’Kin-
ney to' execute and perform the requirements of this Ordi-
nance, keeping in view the authority and instructions re-
ceived by the said Thomas F. M’Kinney from the former
Council, whereof R. R. Royal was President, upon the same
subject—and hereby confirming all the acts of said M’Kinney,
done and performed under the direction of the Council last
mentioned, regarding the loan as aforesaid
Passed at San Felipe de Austin, Nov. 21, 1835.
JAMES W. ROBINSON,
Lieut. Gov. and ex-officio Pres’t of G. C.
Attest, P. R. DEXTER,
Sec’y of General Council.
Rejected by the Governor and paseed by the required ma-
jority, as follows:
Ayes—Messrs. Barrett, Clements, Grimes, Hanks, Harris,
Millard, Parmer, Parker, Powers, West, Westover and Wil-
son, November 24, 1835,
Attest, P. B. DEXTER, Sec’y G. C.
( 922 )