Ordinances and Decrees.
19
Passed by a constitutional majority, Nov. 26, 1835.
HENEY SMITH,
Governor.
C. B. Stewart,
Exective Secretary.
An Ordinance prescribing the manner and form of settling
the Accounts of the Volunteer Army of Texas.
Sec. 1. Be it ordained and decreed, and it is hereby or-
dained and decreed, by the General Council of the Provisional
Government of Texas, That all "bills, accounts, claims, debts,
dues or demands, that are now or may “hereafter be due or
owing by this or a future Government, to any person or per-
sons, for money, corn, provisions, stores, clothing, medicines,
forage, arms, ammunition, horses, mules, oxen, waggons, boats,
transportation, or any service whatever rendered or furnished,
to and for the Volunteer Army of the people of Texas, now
in the field, shall, before the same be admitted to audit and
liquidation before the Standing Committee on War Affairs, of
this House, or the proper department of a future Government,
containing the day, date, name and description of the article
or sum furnished, and place, and the certificate of the Stand-
ing Committee of Safety and Vigilance, or the order or cer-
tificate of the commanding officer or Colonel of the Regi-
ment, or company by whose order and at whose requisition
the same may have been rendered or furnished: or the receipt
of the contractor, commissary or quarter-master to whom the
same may have been furnished and delivered, together with
the oath or affirmation before any Judge or Alcalde, of the
person or persons so presenting the same for liquidation, that
the said accounts, debts, dues, demands, or services were at
the time and place specified, supplied, furnished, or rendered,
made use of, delivered, pressed or taken, lost or killed in the
service of the Volunteer Armies of the people of Texas afore-
said.
Seg. 2. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
the Committee on War Affairs, of this Council, or the same
department of this or a future Government shall,
and they are hereby required to settle, audit, liqui-
date and” pass all bills, accounts, debts, dues and demands
(923)