Ordinances and Decrees.
25
General Council, approved and signed by the Governor, and
attested by the Secretary of the Executive. The Treasurer
shall do and perform all the duties incident to his office, by
and with the advice of the Committee of Finance, unless
otherwise provided for by the General Council; and shall, at
all times, keep his office at the place where the Governor and
Council shall be located.
Sec. 2. Be it further ordained and decreed, That there shall
be appointed a Secretary to the Executive, who shall also be
the Recording Clerk of the General Council, whose duties shall
be to keep a fair and full record of all the proceedings of the
Executive Office, copies of the public correspondence of that
office; and to. do and perform such other duties as may be re-
quired of him by the Governor, pertaining to his office: and,
also, it is made his duty to record all the Ordinances, Decrees
and Resolutions, and other public acts of the General Council,
in a fair hand and in a book suited to the purpose, from time
to time as they shall be delivered to him by the Secretary of
said General Council, whose duty it shall be to deliver the
originals of all the said ordinances, decrees, resolutions, or
other public acts of the said Council, so soon as they may have
severally passed the necessary forms for becoming a law; and
when they shall have been so recorded, the originals shall be
returned by the Secretary of the Executive to the Secretary
of the General Council, who shall preserve and file the same,
in proper order, in his office; and the Book of Records shall
remain and be kept in the office of the Executive of the Pro-
visional Government, subject to the examination of all con-
cerned.
Sec. 3. And be it further ordained and decreed, &c.,
That there shall be appointed, two Chief Clerks of the pres-
ent Standing Committees' of the General Council, one of
whom shall perform the duties of Chief Clerk to the Commit-
tee on “State Affairs and Judiciary” and to the “Committee
on Finance”	and the	other	shall,	in	like manner,
perform the	duties of	chief	clerk	to	the “Military
Committee” and all the remaining standing committees
of the Council. And the duties of the aforesaid
Chief Clerks shall be, to transcribe such proceedings of
the several Committees as may be required of them, and
59—VOL. 1.
(929)