26
Ordinances and Decrees.
enrol all ordinances and decrees originating with said Com-
mittees, for final passage, and subject to such other duties and
regulations as may, from time to time, be adopted by the Gen-
eral Council.
Sec. 4. And be it further ordained and decreed, That
the compensation to the Treasurer for his services, shall be
one thousand dollars per annum, with office rent and the
necessary clerk hire, to be determined by the General Coun-
cil, on the proper representation of the said Treasurer; and
that the Secretary of the General Council, and the Secretary
of the Executive, and Recording Clerk of the General Coun-
cil shall receive for their respective services, five dollars per
diem; and that the several Chief Clerks of the Committees, as
aforesaid, shall receive for services five dollars per diem.
Sec. 5. And be it further ordained and decreed, That
all public correspondence of the Provisional Government of
Texas shall be conducted through the medium of the Execu-
tive Department, unless in cases hereafter otherwise expressly
provided, and shall be on file in the office of the said Execu-
tive, subject, at all times, to the call of the General Council,
or to be seen or read by any member thereof; and all the ar-
chives and records of the several Political Chiefs of Texas
shall, immediately after the final passage of this Bill, be de-
manded by the Governor, and the necessary measures resort-
ed to for securing possession of the same, at the same time
notifying the said Political Chiefs, that they are commanded
to cease their functions in the several departments; and when
the said archives and records shall have been secured by the
Governor, the same shall be regularly filed in the Executive
Office, among the public archives of Texas.
Sec. 6. And be it further ordained and decreed, That
the Secretary of the General Council shall be required to be
present at all the meetings and sessions of the said Council,
and under directions of the President, to keep a true, full and
correct entrv of all the proceedings of that body, subject, on
revisal, to anv correction voted by the majority thereof.
Ele shall keep on file all reports, resolutions, ordi-
nances, decrees and all other papers of his office;
and also shall transcribe all the daily proceedings of
the said Council, in a book to be' provided by
him for that purpose; excepting, nevertheless, such pro-
(930)