44
Ordinances and Decrees.
E. M. Pease, Sec’ry of General Council.
Approved, 3rd Dec. 1835.
HENRY SMITH,
Governor.
Chas. B. STEW.ART, Sec’ry of Executive.
An Ordinance and Decree, to raise a Doan for the use of
the Provisional Government of Texas.
Be it ordained and decreed, and it is hereby ordained and
decreed by the General Council of the Provisional Government
of Texas, That there shall be, and there is hereby created, a
loan of one million, of dollars for the use of the Provisional
Government of Texas.
Sec. 2. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
the Commissioners appointed by the General Convention,
Stephen E. Austin, Branch T. Archer, and William H. Whar-
ton, as agents of the Provisional Government to the U. States
of the North, a majority of them, or either of them, or such
other commissioner or commissioners as shall hereafter be ap-
pointed by the General Council of the Provisional Govern-
ment aforesaid, be instructed to negotiate the said loan of one
million of dollars, or such part thereof as they can effect, upon
the best terms the market affords, not exceeding ten per cent,
per annum.
Sec. 3. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
the Governor shall immediately cause to be made out, ten
several bonds or obligations, conditioned for the payment of
one hundred thousand dollars each, for a period of not less
than five, or more than ten years, payable at the city of New
York, or any city of the United States, as the case may be:
The said bonds shall be signed by the Governor and President
of the General Council, and attested by the Secretaries there-
of, and when so made out, signed and attested as aforesaid,
the Governor shall deliver the same to the said commissioner
or commissioners, appointed as aforesaid, who are hereby di-
rected to proceed forthwith to the United States, and then
and there, by all proper ways and means, by sale or pledge
of said bonds, to effect the said loan or loans, or in such
other manner as the said commissioner or commission-
(948 )