Ordinances and Decrees.
49
expiration of the term for which they volunteered, in con-
sequence of inability or disability, shall receive the aforesaid
one mile square, or six hundred and forty acres of land as a
bounty.
Sec. 6. Be it ’further ordained and decreed, &c., That if
any volunteer or volunteer's shall die in the service of Texas,
then, and in that case, it shall be, and is hereby declared that
their bounty of land shall descend to their heirs and legal
representative or representatives, with all the benefits which
the said volunteer could have claimed had he been living.
Sec. ‘7. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That it
shall be the duty of the Governor or the Commander-in-
Chief to accept all volunteers who shall tender their services
for a less time than during the war, agreeably to what he
shall think the defence of the country and the good of the
service may require; and all-volunteers thus accepted, shall be.
allowed the same pay, clothing and rations that are allowed
by this Ordinance, to the volunteers whose services are ac-
cepted for and during the war; and shall be placed upon the
same footing with the Permanent Volunteers, except the al-
lowance of the bounty of land.
Sec. 8. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That when
any vacancy shall occur in the Volunteer Corps of Texas,
the same shall be filled by lineal or company promotion, as
the case may be; and all the command subordinate to the
station or appointment, which has been vacated by promo-
tion, as before provided, all the rank and file of the com-
mand, as aforesaid, shall have a right to vote in the election.
Sec. 9. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That when
any vacancy shall occur in the Volunteer Corps, it it shall be
filled by company promotion; and that when promotions to
fill vacancies are thus made, it shall be the duty of the Colo-
nel, or volunteer officer highest in command, to order an
election to fill the vacancy thus created by promotion, afore-
said; and the same shall be certified to the Commander-in-
Chief, whose duty it shall be to forward the same to the
Governor, who shall issue commissions accordingly.
Sec. 10. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That all
volunteers for three months, in the Auxiliary Volun-
(953)