52
Ordinances and Decrees.
An Ordinance and Decree authorizing and requiring the
Governor to give instructions to Commissioners to the
United States of the North.
Sec. 1. Be it ordained and decreed, and it is hereby or-
dained and decreed, by the General Council of the Provisional
Government of Texas, ThatS. F. Austin, Branch T. Archer
and William H. Wharton, appointed by the General Conven-
tion on the twelfth day of November last, as Public Agents,
or all or either of them, or such other agents as may be here-
after appointed by the General Council, shall receive their
instruction from, and signed by the Governor, and attested
by the Executive Secretary, and it is hereby made the duty of
the Governor to give the same, upon the principles and for
the objects hereinafter stated; and be directed to proceed,
with all convenient despatch, to the United States of North
America, in execution of the duties assigned them.
Sec. 2. And be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
the Commissioners aforesaid shall be instructed to effect a
Loan for Texas, for the amount and upon the principles de-
clared in an Ordinance of the Provisional Government, enti-
tled “An Ordinance to raise a Loan for the use of the Pro-
visional Government of Texas,” passed December 4th, one
thousand eight hundred and thirty-five.
Sec. 3. And be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
if the Loan on Government Bonds cannot be advantageously
negotiated, that the Commissioners be instructed to pledge,
or hypothecate the public lands of Texas, and to pledge the
public faith of Texas, in such manner, and with such re-
strictions as shall best comport with the honor and dignity
of the State, and give effect to the pledges: provided, also,
that the said Commissioners shall be authorized and instruct-
ed to create a Stock or Funded Debt, upon such pledges as
may be agreed upon, to be sold in shares on terms such as
will not exceed the rate per cent, ordained in the Ordinance,
authorizing a Loan for Texas. And be it, also, further pro-
vided, that such part or parts of the public revenues of the
country may be pledged, as shall be sufficient to pay the an-
nual interest upon any and all Loans effected under the re-
strictions hereinbefore stated.
( 956 )