Ordinances and Decrees.
61
Postmaster-General. may provide, by contract, for the con-
veyance of the mail on any Road on which a stage, waggon,
or any other stage carriage shall be established, on condition
that the expense thereof shall not exceed the income thence
arising. All contracts for carrying the mail, whether on horse-
back or otherwise, shall be for any term not exceeding two
years—revocable at the pleasure of the Postmaster-General,
and at all times subject to such alterations, as to time of de-
parture, arrival and distances, and frequency of transporta-
tion as he may think, proper—subject, however, to increase
or diminution on the amount to be paid on said contract to
the Contractor, in ratio of increase or diminution of services
required; and it shall be lawful for the Postmaster-General to
impose such fines and forfeitures upon the Mail Contractors
for all failures they may make, in not regularly and faithfully
complying with the terms of their contract as, in his opinion,
may be just and proper: provided, that no fine, for a failure
in delivering any mail at the appointed time, shall exceed the
pay for one trip.
Sec. 4. Be it further ordained and decreed, That no other
than a free white European, Anglo-American, or Mexican
shall be employed in conveying the Mail on any of the Post-
Roads, either as carrier, rider or driver; and any and every
violation of this Ordinance shall subject the Contractor, for
each offence, to. forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred dol-
lars—one moiety thereof to the use of the Provisional Gov-
ernment, the other moiety to the person who shall sue for and
prosecute the same before any court having jurisdiction
thereof.
Sec. 5. Be it further ordained and decreed, That if any per-
son shall, knowingly and wilfully, obstruct or retard the pass-
age of the mail, or of any driver or carrier, or of any horse
or carriage carrying the same, he shall, upon conviction
thereof, for every such offence, pay a fine not exceeding one
hundred dollars; and if any ferryman shall, by wilful neglect
or refusal to transport the mail across any ferry, hinder or
delay the same, he shall forfeit and pay, for every ten minutes
the same shall be delayed, a sum not exceeding ten dollars.
Sec. 6. Be it further ordained and decreed, That it shall
be the duty of the Posmaster-General to give pub-
(965)