Ordinances and Decrees.
67
ing five hundred dollars, and be imprisoned not exceeding
twelve months.
Sec. 17. Be it further ordained and decreed, That ,
if any person shall rip, cut, tear or burn,' or otherwise injure
any portmanteau, vallise, or other bag used or directed to be
used by any person acting under the authority of the Post-
master-General, or any person in whom his powers are vested,
in the conveyance of any mail, letter, packet, newspaper or
’ pamphlet—or shall draw or break any staple, or loosen any
part of any lock, chain or strap attached or belonging to any
such vallise, portmanteau or bag with an intent to rob or
steal any mail, letter, packet, newspaper or pamphlet, or to
render either of the same insecure, every such offender upon
conviction shall, for every such offence, pay a sum not exceed-
ing five hundred dollars, or be imprisoned not exceeding three
years, at the discretion of the court before whom such convic-
tion is had.
Sec. 18. Be it further ordained and ' decreed, That
every person who shall, from and after the passage of this or-
dinance, procure, aid, advise or assist in the doing or perpe-
trating of any of the acts or crimes by this ordinance for-
bidden to be done or performed, shall be subject to the same
penalties and punishments as the persons are subject to, who
shall actually do or perpetrate any of the said acts or crimes,
according to the provisions of this ordinance.
Sec. 19. Be it further ordained and decreed, That
every person who shall be imprisoned by a judgment of court,
under and by virtue of the fourteenth, fifteenth, sixteenth and
seventeenth sections of this ordinance, shall be kept at hard
labor, or otherwise shall be fined and punished as the court
may direct.
Sec. 20. Be it ordained and decreed, &c., That
the postmasters shall respectively publish, at the expira-
tion of every three months, or oftener, when -the Postmaster-
General shall so direct, in one of the newspapers at
or nearest the place of his residence, for three successive
weeks, a list of all the letters remaining in their
respective offices: or instead thereof, shall make out a num-
ber of such lists and cause them to be posted up at not less
than five of the most public places in their vicinity, as
shall appear to them best adapted for the information of
(971)