Ordinances and Decrees.
71
tendance or during a session; and for thirty days after a ses-
sion, the Governor of the Provisional Government, Treas-
urer and Postmaster-General, all officers of the Army and
Navy, Collectors and officers of the Revenue when communi-
cating on subjects connected with public service; and they 11
may receive their newspapers by the public post free of post-
age: provided, that no letter or packet from any public officer
shall be conveyed by post, free of postage, unless he . shall
frank the same, by writing his name and office on the outside
of such letter or packet; and in case of officers of the Army,
Navy, and collectors and officers of the Revenue, there shall
be added the words, “On Public Service.”
Sec. 35. Be it further ordained and decreed, That
if any person shall frank letters, other than those written by
himself or by his order, he shall, on conviction thereof, pay a
fine of twenty dollars; and if any person shall counterfeit the
frank or handwriting, or cause the same to be done in order
to avoid the payment of postage, each person so offending
•shall, for every such offence, pay one hundred dollars: pro-
vided, that every printer of newspapers may send one paper to •
each and every other printer of newspapers in Texas, and send
and receive out of Texas, any number of papers not exceeding
fifty, free of postage, under such regulations as the Post-
master-General may provide.
Sec. 36. Be it further ordained and decreed, That
if any postmaster or other person, who shall receive open or
despatch mails, shall neglect to render accounts thereof for
one month after the time, in the manner and form provided
by law, and by the Postmaster-General’s instructions, he shall
forfeit and pay double the value of the postages, which shall
have arisen at the same office, in equal portion of time pre-
vious or subsequent thereto; or, in case no amount or account
shall have been rendered at the time of trial of such case, then
such sum as the court and jury shall estimate equivalent
thereto, to be sued for and recovered by the Postmaster-Gen-
eral in an action on the case.
Sec. 27. Be it further ordained and decreed, That
all pecuniary penalties and forfeitures incurred under this
ordinance shall be, one half for the use of the person or
(975 )