Ordinances and Decrees.
79
been or may hereafter be killed in battle, or shall come to his
death by sickness or any accident whatever, in going to or
returning from the Volunteer Army of the people of Texas,
one mile square, or six hundred and forty acres of land in
Texas.
Passed at San Felipe de Austin, Dec. 11, 1835.
JAMES W. ROBINSON',
Lieut. Gov. and ex-officio Pres’t of G. C.
E. M. Pease,
Sec’y to Gen. Council.
Approved, December 12, 1835.
HENRY SMITH, Governor.
An Ordinance and Decree establishing and imposing Duties
on Imports and Tonnage, and for other purposes.
Sec. 1. Be it ordained and decreed, and it is hereby or-
dained and decreed, by the General Council of the Provisional
Government of Texas, That all that part of the coast of Texas
lying between the line of the United States, on the river Sa-
bine to the Western Boundary Line- of Zavala’s Colony, in-
cluding all the bays, harbors, rivers, creeks and inlets within
said limits be, and the same is hereby created and established
a district for revenue purposes, and shall be styled and known
as the “Sabine Revenue District.”
And all that part of'the coast of Texas between the West-
ern Line of Zavala’s Colony and Oyster Creek, including all
bays, harbors, Rivers, creeks and inlets within said limits, be,
and the same is hereby created and established a district for
revenue purposes, and shall be styled and known as “Galves-
ton Revenue District.”
And that part of the coast from the mouth of Oyster Creek
to the entrance of Cedar Lake into the Gulf, including all
bays, harbors, rivers, creeks and inlets within said limits he,
and the same is hereby created and established a district for
revenue purposes, and shall be styled and known as the “Dis-
trict of Brazos.”
And that part of the coast from the entrance of Cedar
Lake into the Gulf to the western line of the jurisdiction
of Matagorda, including all the bays, harbors, rivers,
creeks and inlets within the said limits, be, and the same
is hereby created and established a district for revenue
( 983 )