80
Ordinances and Decrees.
purposes, and shall be styled and known as “the District of
Matagorda."
And that part of the coast from the Western Line of the
District of Matagorda as far as the Gaudaloupe River be, and
is hereby created a district for revenue purposes, and shall be
styled and known as the “District of Jackson.”
And that part of the coast from the Western Line of the
District of Jackson, as far as it may be necessary to include
all the coast of this Government, all bays, harbors, rivers,
creeks and inlets be, and the same is hereby created and estab-
lished a district for revenue purposes, and shall be known
as the “Aransas District.”
Sec. 2. Be it further ordained and decreed, That the
Ports of Sabine, Galveston Bay, Brazos, Matagorda, La Bacca
and Copano be, and they are hereby created and established
Ports of Entry in their respective districts.
Sec. 3. Be it further ordained and decreed, That there
shall be appointed by the Governor and Council, for each
Revenue District, a Collector of the Port, and all other offi-
cers necessary to enable the Collector to enforce the collection
of revenue arising under this Ordinance: the Collector so ap-
pointed shall enter into bond and security, to be approved by
the Governor, in the sum of ten thousand dollars, payable to
the Governor, at the time being, and his successors in office,
for the faithful performance of his duties; which bond shall
be filed in the Executive office, and may be sued on and re-
covery had for any amount of money or monies or other
things due to and owing to the Government, or any individual
or individuals, or body politic or corporate, and in like man-
ner actions of trespass; and damages may be sustained if any
should occur in consequence of neglect of duty.
The Collector of each port is hereby authorized to depute
one or more respectable persons to assist in transacting the
business appertaining to their respective business, and take
bond and approved security, payable to themselves, condi-
tioned for the faithful performance of their respective duties,
to account for and pay over all such sum or sums of money as
shall come into their hands or possession, as such deputy; and
the said Collector may, from time to time, recover on said
bond in a summary way, before any court having jurisdiction
thereof.
( 984)