84
Ordinances and Decrees.
merchandize as are imported or brought in, entitled to de-
benture aforesaid, and ten per cent on all such as are not en-
titled to a debenture aforesaid, and shall collect the same from
the owners thereof, or the person or persons importing the
same, or the consignee or consignees to whom the same are
addressed or consigned; or the master of the vessel in which
the same may have been imported—having charge thereof;
and the said goods, wares and merchandize shall be, and the
same are hereby made liable for the said duties so assessed or
admitted as aforesaid: provided, nevertheless, that all goods,
wares and merchandize _ imported by any emigrant, such as
farming utensils, household furniture, provisions and stores,
and all kinds of machinery intended for the use of said emi-
grants, and not for sale; and all public property, of any kind
whatever, belonging to or intended for the use of the Texas
government, or the Army or Navy thereof, and all meat and
bread stuffs, and lumber for building shall be, and the same
is hereby declared exempt from all duty whatsoever, during
the war.
Sec. 13. And be it further ordained and decreed, &c.,
That the Collectors of Duties shall be required to exact cash
in hand on all importations, as aforesaid, on which the duties
do not exceed one hundred dollars, and for all, receive bonds,
payable within sixty days, with security—to be approved by
himself, payable to himself or his successors in office, for all
sums over one hundred dollars, and which does not exceed
five hundred dollars on any one importation; if the said sum
should exceed five hundred dollars, he shall receive bonds with
security, approved by himself, to himself and his successors
in office, payable within six months thereafter.
Sec. 14. And be it further ordained and decreed, That
all custom-house bonds, or obligations, made and executed in
accordance to the foregoing Ordinance, shall have the force
of a judgment from its date; and the Judge, or other proper
officer, shall, on application of the Collector, issue execution
thereon—any law to the contrary notwithstanding.
Sec. 15. And be it further ordained and decreed, That
these Ordinances establishing duties on imported goods,
wares, merchandize, &c, into Texas, shall take effect
( 988 )