Ordinances and Decrees.
95
to act separately, for a time he shall appoint deputy Pay-
masters from the line, who shall account to him for the
money advanced to them, and shall each give a bond in the
sum of twenty-thousand dollars, with sufficient sureties for
the faithful discharge of their duties respectively, and take
an oath “faithfully to perform and execute the duties of their
office/’ and the Regimental Pay-master, shall also give bond
in the sum of twenty thousand dollars, with sufficient sure-
ties, and take an oath, as aforesaid, “for the faithful discharge
of the duties of their offices.”
Sec. 5. Be it further ordained, &c., That all bonds to be
given by virtue of this ordinance and decree, shall be made
payable to the Governor or his successor in office, and be ap-
proved by him.
Sec. 6. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That the
Quarter-master General, of the Regular Army of Texas, shall,
before entering upon the duties of his office, take an oath
“faithfully to executies the duties of his office agreeably to
law, and to the best of his knowledge and abilities,” and shall
account to the Provisional Government of Texas, or that Gov-
ernment which may succeed it, for all the Provisions, Cloth-
ing, Munitions of War, and .supplies of every kind, which he
may obtain or may be placed in his charge for the use and
benefit of the regular Army of Texas, and shall give a bond
in the sum of thirty thousand dollars, with sufficient sureties
for the faithful discharge of his duties.
Sec. 7. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That the
Quarter-master General, shall quarter at or near the head-
quarters of the regular Army of Texas, and that to all
detachments of the regular Army, intended to act separately
for a time, the Quarter-master General shall appoint dep-
uty Quarter masters, and issuing Commissaries, who shall
account to him for the Provisions, Clothing, and other
supplies which they may receive for the use of said
detachments, and shall each give a bond in the sum
of fifteen thousand dollars, for the faithful discharge of
their duties, respectively, with sufficient sureties, and take
an oath “faithfully to execute the duties of their of-
fice,” and the several Regimental Quarter-masters and is-
suing Commissaries shall, also give bond in the sum
of five thousand dollars, with sufficient sureties,
(999)