Ordinances and Decrees.
101
ten thereon, and return the same to the Auditor, who upon
receiving said claim so approved, shall issue a draft (counter-
signed by the Comptroller) on the Treasury, for the corre-
sponding amount of money in favour of said claimant, which
shall read as follows:
To
The Treasurer of the Provisional Government of
Texas, you will pay to A. B. or order the sum
of
dollars, out of any monies in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Date, &c.
C. D. Auditor.
E. F. Comptroller.
But if said claim should amount to a larger sum than four
thousand dollars, it shall be referred to the Governor or Gen-
eral Council, and if approved by either or both of them, said
claim shall be returned to said Auditor, signed and counter-
signed, and approved by the Governor or General Council, in
the same manner as aforesaid, and disposed of in the same
manner and form as aforesaid by said Auditor and Comp-
troller.	'
Sec. 5. The Auditor shall pursue the same routine in rela-
tion to all the necessary expenses of his office, and no money
shall be drawn from the Treasury unless the claim be audited,
and signed by the Auditor and Comptroller, if under the
amount of four thousand dollars, and by the Auditor, Comp-
troller and Governor, if over the sum of four thousand dol-
lars, and made in conformity to appropriations made by law:
Provided, nevertheless, That the General Council reserves to
itself the privilege of ordering payments on claims, not with-
in the provisions of this ordinance.
Sec. 6. That all claims on passing the General Council
shall be signed by the President and Secretary, or the Gover-
nor if the Council is not in session, which shall be sufficient
evidence to the Governor to countersign the corresponding
draft on the Treasurer, after which the Auditor shall take
the same, to his office, and place it on file, with such accom-
panying evidence as applies to said claim.	’
Sec. 7. That the Auditor shall keep a strict record of
all drafts issued on the Treasury, and have said drafts
( 1005 )