Ordinances and Decrees.
109
or belonging to the same, or whether expressly and know-
ingly introduced or imported for the use of the Army and
Navy thereof; and all bacon, pork, bread stuffs, and lumber
for building shall be, and the same are hereby declared free
of all duty whatever, during the war. For the purpose of
carrying into effect that part of this section, relative to the
' examination and appraisement of such goods, wares and mer-
chandize with whose invoice prices the Collector or his depu-
ty may not be satisfied, the said Collector or deputy is hereby
authorized and required to administer to the two appraisers
and inspector or surveyor aforesaid, before they enter upon
their functions, the Oath to perform, duly and conscientious-
ly, the duty so assigned to them, to the best of their knowl-
edge and ability.
Sec. 7. Be it further ordained and decreed, and it is hereby
further ordained and decreed, That there shall be, and there
is imposed, assessed and levied, a tonnage duty of one dollar
and'twenty-five cents per ton on all vessels of and above ten
tons burthen, arriving at any port or harbor of Texas from
any foreign port—excepting, only, vessels of war, letters of
marque and reprisal, and all vessels having to enter by stress
of weather or to re-fit in order to proceed on their voyage, or
which may be wrecked; and on all vessels engaged in the
coasting trade there shall be, and there is hereby, imposed
assessed and levied a tonnage duty of twelve and a half cents
per ton; and in addition to the aforesaid tonnage duty, each
and every vessel arriving at and departing from any port or
harbour of Texas shall pay an entrance fee of two dollars
and a clearance fee of three dollars, severally and respective-
ly,—the measurement for tonnage of said vessels to be taken
from their respective Registers and the duty to be paid ac-
cordingly.
Sec. 8. Be it further ordained and decreed, and it is hereby
further ordained and decreed, That all amounts of duties under
three hundred dollars shall be paid in cash, and for all
amounts over three hundred dollars and not exceeding five
hundred dollars, sixty days credit shall be allowed and given,
and four months for all sums exceeding five hundred dollars—
payment to be secured by bond and security to the satisfaction
of the Collector.
Sec. 9. Be it further ordained and decreed, and it is
(1013)