Ordinances and Decrees.
Ill
intention of defrauding the public revenue, he or they shall
forfeit said goods, wares and merchandize so attempted to be
smuggled in—the cause to be decided in a summary way by
the Judge of the Municipality; and the said forfeited goods,
wares and merchandize shall be sold at public auction by
order of the said Judge or proper officer, ten days’ notice
thereof to be given at the court-house door and two other
public places; one half of the nett proceeds to be for the use
of the Government,. one-fourth to go to the informer, and
one-fourth to go to the Collector of the Port for prosecuting,
&c. And the person or persons so convicted shall be subject
to such other fine or fines as the Court having cognizance of
the cause, may impose: provided, it shall not exceed one hun-
dred per cent. on the assessed value of the goods, wares and
merchandize so declared forfeited; and in default of payment
of said fine or fines, the said person or persons so. convicted,
shall be imprisoned for a term not exceeding eighteen months
—at the discretion of the Court. All and every vessel or ves-
sels of whatsoever kind or description, which may be found
engaged in smuggling or aiding therein, shall be confiscated,
and the masters and all parties concerned or interested in the
same shall be fined and imprisoned.
Sec. 14. Be it further ordained and decreed, and it is hereby
further ordained and decreed, That the said Principal Col-
lectors shall be, and they are hereby authorized to pay out of
the public monies collected by them, all the just and neces-
sary expenses of their respective offices, to be submitted to the
Government in their quarterly returns—the payment of a
deputy not included, which must be defrayed by the Col-
lector himself if he should judge fit not to act in person.
Sec. 15. Be it further ordained and decreed, and it is
hereby further ordained and decreed, That the Collectors
of each District and the Collectors of the Ports of En-
try and delivery of Texas, and all other officers belonging
to the Revenue or Custom-House Department shall be,
and are hereby clothed and invested with all power and
authority, in their respective districts and ports, requi-
site and necessary to execute the duties and discharge
the functions of their respective offices and stations, in
order to secure more effectually the revenues aforesaid;
and the}- are hereby directed to perform such duties as
( 1015 )