112
Ordinances and Decrees.
appertain'to the same grade of officers in the ports and reve-
nue districts of the United States of North America.
Sec. 16. Be it further ordained and decreed, and it is hereby
further ordained and decreed, That those Ordinances and De-
crees establishing duties on imported goods, wares and mer-
chandize, and duties on tonnage in the revenue districts and
ports of Texas, shall take effect and be in full force from and
after the day of their publication.
Sec. 17. Be it further ordained and decreed, and it is hereby
further ordained and decreed, That an Ordinance and Decree
entitled, “An Ordinance and Decree imposing duties on Im-
portation and Tonnage, and for other purposes,” passed the
eighth day of December, eighteen hundred and thirty-five in-
stant, be, and the same is hereby repealed and annulled.
Sec. 18. Be it further ordained and decreed, and it is hereby
further ordained and decreed, That all the Collectors or Depu-
ties, who may have given bond under the Ordinance and De-
cree passed the eighth day of December, eighteen hundred
and thirty-five, which is repealed by the preceding section
of this Ordinance and decree shall, on or before the second
day of March, one thousand eight hundred and thirty-six,
give bond and security agreeably to the provisions of this Or-
dinance and Decree — the bonds already given to remain,
until that time, in full force; and on the failure of any Col-
lector or deputy to comply by the time aforesaid, with .the
provisions herein established, then his office shall be declared
vacant, and a new Collector or Deputy shall be appointed.
Sec. 19. Be it further ordained and decreed, and it is hereby
further ordained and decreed, That when any vessel shall be
licensed or registered in any port of Texas, it shall be the duty
of the Collector, before issuing the said license or register, to
make a record thereof, in a book to be kept for that purpose in
his office: and he shall make a certificate of such record, re-
ferring to the book and page, upon the back of the license or
register, under his hand and seal of office, for which registry
he shall be entitled to receive five dollars for each register,
and two dollars for each license, — the said license to be
renewed yearly: and the Collector aforesaid, shall also
keep a copy or record of entrances and clearances of
(1016 )