Ordinances and Decrees.
113
each and every vessel arriving at and departing from the
ports of Texas; also, the said Collector shall keep on his files
or record, in a book for that purpose, all manifests of goods,
wares and merchandize imported, whether subject to duty or
exempt therefrom; and of all articles exported from the dis-
trict or port of which he is Collector, stating the quantity
and description.
Sec. 30. Be it further ordained and decreed, and it is hereby
further ordained and decreed, That all vessels, of every kind
and description whatever, under twenty-one tons burthen,
navigating and plying in the waters of Texas (excepting pub-
lic ferries, boats and skiffs for private use,) shall be provided
with a license, to be issued by the said Collectors and renewed
yearly: and all vessels, of every kind and description whatever,
of and above twenty-one tons burthen, shall be provided with
a register, to be issued by the respective Collectors aforesaid,
setting forth the build, place of construction, names of owners
and master, number of tons, and all the other requisites of
said documents.
Sec. 31. Be it further ordained and decreed, and it is hereby
further ordained and decreed, That the Collectors of the Reve-
nue Districts of Texas shall be, and the same are hereby re-
spectively authorized to nominate and appoint Pilots, of ex-
perience and skill, to bring vessels into the ports and waters
of Texas—the Collector to issue to the pilot or pilots so ap-
pointed,
a license, to be renewed yearly, for the lawful exer-
cise of his or their functions, for which
a fee of two dollars
each shall be paid: and that the pilot or pilots, so appointed
and licensed, shall receive two dollars per foot for each foot
of water that the vessel may draw, when safely conducted into
said port or waters. Any vessel entering any port of Texas,
where licensed pilots are stationed, such vessel, the owners .
or captain shall pay half pilotage when he or they may not
think proper to take a pilot; and all pilots who may refuse to
perform their respective duties, without just cause, shall be
suspended, and be forever ineligible to said office.
Passed at San Pelipe de Austin, Dec. 27, 1835.
JAMES W. ROBINSON,
Lieut. Gov. and ex-officio Pres’t of G. C.
E. M. Pease, Sec’y to G. C.
(1017)