Ordinances and Decrees.
121
each and every Municipality throughout Texas, so to appre-
hend and cause to be apprehended all and every such free
negro or free negroes, mulatto or mulattoes, offending against
the provisions of this ordinance and decree; and that such
officer or officers who shall so apprehend such free negro or
negroes, mulatto or mulattoes, shall be entitled to the same
compensation that is, by this ordinance and decree, allowed
to citizens who may, by such apprehensions as aforesaid,
render the like service.
Sec. 2. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That it
shall not be lawful for any master or owner of any ship or
vessel, nor for any other person or persons whatsoever, from
and after the passage of this ordinance and decree, to import,
bring or induce, or aid in importing, bringing or inducing
any free negro or mulatto within the limits of Texas, directly
or indirectly; and if any master or owner of any ship or vessel,
or1 any other person or persons whatsoever, shall import, bring,
or otherwise induce, or aid, or abet in importing, bringing, or
otherwise inducing any free negro or mulatto into Texas, as
aforesaid, he or she so offending, shall be deemed guilty of
a misdemeanor at common law, and upon conviction thereof
in any Court of Record within Texas, shall be fined in the
sum of five thousand dollars, and imprisoned until the same,
together with the costs and charges of the prosecution, shall
be paid.
Sec. 3. Be it further ordained and decreed, and it is hereby
ordained and decreed, That this ordinance and decree shall be
regularly given in charge to Grand Juries throughout Texas;
and the Governor be and is hereby required to have this ordi-
nance and decree inserted three times in the New Orleans
Bulletin.
This ordinance was passed January 5th, 1836, enrolled and
handed over to Governor Smith for approval but never re-
turned.
E. M. PEASE, ,
Sec’y to G. C.
A Resolution changing the name of the Municfakty of
Teneha-w to Shelby, and for other purposes.
Be it resolved, by the General Council of the Provisional
65 —vol. 1.
(1025 )