126
Ordinances and Decrees.
Be it ordained and decreed, and it is hereby ordained and
decreed by the General Council of the Provisional Government
of Texas, That Thomas F. M’Kinney and Samuel M. Wil-
liams, known as the firm of M’Kinney & Williams, be, and
they are hereby authorized and empowered to negotiate and
effect a loan of one hundred thousand dollars, for and in be-
half of the Provisional Government of Texas on the firm
pledge of the public faith and the public domain of the coun-
try, on the best terms consistent with the honor and dignity
of the Government aforesaid.
Sec. 2. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
the loan so effected, may be negotiated as a temporary loan,
payable in a time not less than one year, and redeemable from
the first permanent loans made for and in behalf of said Gov-
ernment, and at a rate of interest not to exceed ten per cent,
per annum, or at the option of the said McKinney & William,
directed by the best advices. The said loan may be made a
part of the permanent loan authorized to be made by said
Provisional Government, payable from four to fifteen years;
in which latter case, the Public Agents to the United States
of the North shall be duly advised thereof.
Sec. 3. Be it ordained and decreed, &c., That the said
M’Kinney & Williams are authorized and empowered to exe-
cute a bond or bonds agreeably to the provisions of this ordin-
ance and decree, for the payment of the aforesaid loan, ac-
cording to the terms which may be established: provided, that
if the whole amount of the loan of one hundred thousand dol-
lars cannot be effected, the said M’Kinney & Williams are au-
thorized to effect a loan of a less amount—being governed by
the principles aforesaid; and provided, also, that bonds for the
payment of the said loan, may be executed by the said M’Kin-
ney & Williams, conditioned to be received at par value in
payment of any debts due Texas on lands, or other Revenues,
in six months, from and after the date thereof.
Sec. 4. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
the said M’Kinney & Williams shall be, and they are
hereby authorized to retain, from the loan so effected, an
(1030 )