128
Ordinances- and Decrees.
liam P. Harris, or either of them, he, and they are hereby
appointed the Agents of the Provisional Government of Texas,
for the purpose of examining the condition and equipment of
the schooner “William Bobbins,” a vessel belonging to the
firm of M’Kinney & Williams, and if, after they shall have
duly examined her, they shall be of opinion that said vessel
can be useful in the public service, they, (the said Edmund
Andrews and William P. Harris,) or either of them, are hereby
fully authorized and empowered, for and in the name of the
Provisional Government of Texas, to contract with the pro-
prietors thereof, and purchase the same at a fair and reason-
able price, and report their acts and proceedings to this
House.
Sec. 2. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That Ed-
mund Andrews and William P. Harris, or either of them be,
and they are hereby appointed the Agents of the Provisional
Government of Texas, for the purpose of examining the con-
dition and equipments of the schooner “Invincible,” a vessel
also the property of M’Kinney & Williams, and if after such
examination they' shall be of opinion that said vessel is suited
to the public service, by cruising in the Gulf, for the purpose
of protecting our commerce or harrassing and destroying that
of the enemy, and can be purchased at a fair and equitable
price, they the said Edmund Andrews and Wm. P. Harris, or
either of them, are hereby authorized and empowered for and
in the name of the Provisional Government of Texas afore-
said, to, purchase the same on such terms, as in their judg-
ment the future means of the country will justify.
Sec. 3. Be it further ordained, &c., That the naval system
as adopted and practised in the United States of the North,
be and the same is hereby adopted in Texas, and shall rule
and govern our Naval Department.
Sec. 4. Be it further ordained, &c., That should the said
vessels ‘The Wm. Robbins” and “The Invincible” be pur-
chased, as contemplated in the second and third sections of
this ordinance and decree, then and in that case the Governor
is hereby directed to communicate the same to our public
agents in the United States of the North, to govern them in
their purchases of vessels for the public service.
( 1032 )