Ordinances and Decrees.
129
The foregoing ordinance passed the Council, January 5th,
and was enrolled and handed Governor Smith for approval.
He returned it to the house with his objection on the 8th
January, when it was passed by a constitutional majority of
the Council, as will be seen by reference to the Journal. The
ordinance was then handed to Governor Smith for signature,
but never returned by him.
E. M. PEASE,
Sec’y of Gen’l Council.
An Ordinance and Decree for the better accommodation oj
the Claims against the Government of Texas.
Sec. 1. Be it ordained and decreed, and it is hereby or-
dained and decreed, by the General Council of the Provisional
Government of Texas, That the Treasurer shall immediately
cause to be printed in a neat form and shall issue in discharge
of claims against the Government, and drafts on the Treasury,
the amount of one hundred and fifty thousand dollars in
Treasury notes, varying in specified value from one dollar to
one hundred dollars, specifying on the face thereof, that they
will be received in payment for lands and other public dues,
or be redeemed with any monies in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
' Sec. 2. Be it further ordained and decreed, by the authority
aforesaid, That all collecting officers of this government, or
agents entitled to receive monies due the government, are
hereby required to receive the said Treasury notes, at their
full value, for any monies that are or may become due to this
government for lands or on the revenue of our ports, or in
any way due. this government: Provided, however, the col-
lector or other agent offering to pay into the Treasury such
Treasury notes in discharge of the claims of the government
against said collector or other agent, shall take and subscribe
the following oath:
"I, A. B., do solemnly swear, that I have received
the amount of
- dollars in Treasury notes of Texas,
at their full value, as expressed on the face thereof, of
persons tendering them in payment of dues to the gov-
( 1033 )