Ordinances and. Decrees.
131
the said Middle Ground to the main fork of the San Bernard
Creek, thence down the said Creek to the beginning, shall be,
and the same is hereby made a new and separate Municipality,
to be styled and known as the “Municipality of Colorado,”
with all and singular the rights, privileges, and immunities
of other Municipalities of Texas.
Sec. 2. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That Eli
Mercer, Wm. D. Lacy, and Robert Brotherton, be, and they
are hereby appointed Commissioners to locate as the Seat of
Justice or Municipal Town of said Municipality of Colorado,
the town of Columbus, at which place the Judges of said Mu-
nicipality shall hold their Courts, and the Archives and Sec-
ords of said Municipality shall be kept, and the said Commis-
sioners are hereby authorized and required on or before the
first day of February, one thousand eight hundred and thirty-
six, to hold an election for all the Municipal Officers for said
Municipality, first giving reasonable notice of the time and of
the places of holding such elections, and shall administer to
each and every Judge, and other Municipal Officers so elected,
the proper oath or oaths of office, and make report thereof to
the Governor of the Provisional Government of Texas, imme-
diately thereafter.
Sec. 3. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That the
said Municipality of Colorado shall be entitled to elect and
send two delegates to the General Convention, to meet at
Washington on the first day of March next, agreeably to the'
resolutions of the Provisional Government,, calling a con-
vention of the people of Texas.
Sec. 4. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That the
said Municipality of Colorado shall be authorized, forthwith
to send either one of the delegates of the late Consultation,
living within their boundary, as a member of the General
Council of the Provisional Government of Texas, who shall be
entitled to all the privileges of members of said Council.
Passed at San Felipe de Austin, Jan. 8, 1836.
Signed, Jan. 11th, 1836.
JOHN M'MULLEN,
President pro tem. of G. C.
EDWARD B. Wood, Sec’y pro tem. of G. C.
(1035 )