134
Ordinances and Decrees.
our agents in the United States for the support, subsistence
and use of the army will he received; and it being absolutely
necessary to make immediate provisions for the sustenance
and support of those troops at Bexar; and it being impos-
sible to drive beeves and procure provisions for their use,
without horses,—therefore,
Be it Resolved by the General Council of the Provisional Gov-
ernment of Texas, That Lieut. Colonel Neill, commandant at
Bexar, be, and is hereby authorized and empowered to employ
as many Mexicans, or other citizens, for the purpose of driving
up beeves and procuring provisions for the troops under his
command, as may be required for their support; and that this
Government shall respect the drafts of said commandant for
the pay of the said men in his employ, as aforesaid: provided,
that the said commandant cannot offer them any more money
for their services as enlisted soldiers, or volunteer troops, than
the existing laws prescribe.
Sec. 2. Be it further resolved, &c., That the sum of twenty
dollars per month, to the Mexicans employed by the com-
mandant at Bexar, for the purpose of getting beeves and other
provisions for the use and support of the troops under his
command, be, and is hereby acknowledged by this Govern-
ment; and that the said commandant be, and is hereby au-
thorized and empowered to draw for the pay of the said Mexi-
cans, citizens, for their services as aforesaid.
Sec. 3. Be it further resolved, That John W. Smith be, and
he is hereby authorized and empowered to collect the sum
of one thousand dollars of the public dues, or any money to.
that amount belonging to this Government in the department
of Bexar, and to give the same to the commandant at that
place; the same to be used for the support of the troops under
his command—taking sufficient vouchers for the same, and
report the same to this Government: and also to the Collector
of Public Dues for that department.
Sec. 4. Be it further resolved, That an express be imme-
diately procured, to take these resolutions to the
commandant at Bexar; and that his Excellency James
W. Robinson, acting Governor of Texas, he required to
( 1038)