Ordinances and Decrees.
137
oath, viz: I, A. B., do solemnly swear that it is not for the
purpose of delay that I take this appeal, but because I firmly
believe, that injustice has been done me.
Sec. 6. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
all Alcaldes and Commissarios in the several Municipalities
of Texas, shall have jurisdiction in all civil cases, where the
matter in controversy does not exceed fifty dollars: never-
theless he shall have the right of appeal if either party is
disastisfied, to the Primary Judge’s Court of their respective
Municipalities, upon-the same terms and restrictions as in
the 5th section of this Ordinance and Decree: and the Al-
caldes and Commissarios shall have the same jurisdiction in
arresting and committing offenders against the laws as Jus-
tices of the Peace under the common laws of England.
Sec. 7. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
all Judges, Alcaldes and Commissarios, shall have power to
enforce order, punish contempts in their courts, in a sum-
mary way by fine and imprisonment, and all judicial and min-
isterial officers, shall be officers of the peace in their respective
municipalities.
Sec. 8. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
'the following persons and their property shall be privileged
from arrest, attachment, execution, embargo, and sequestra-
tion, in all civil cases, to wit: all officers and soldiers commis-
sioned or enlisted in the regular army of Texas, or in the
navy, for the time being; all public agents to foreign coun-
tries, all members and officers of the General Council, and of
the Provisional Government, while in attendance upon their
official duties; and all the'members of the late volunteer army
until they return to their respective homes.
Sec. 9. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
all judges, alcaldes, commissarios, and regular accredited min-
isters of the Gospel, of whatever denomination, shall’have the
power to celebrate the rites of matrimony in their respective
municipalities, which shall be done in the presence of not
less than three disinterested and reputable witnesses, certifi-
cates of which shall be made and signed by the said judge,
alcalde, commissario, or minister of the Gospel, who may
celebrate the same, tested by two or more witnesses pres-
ent, one of which shall be given to the bride, and the.:
66—VOL. 1.
(1041 )