138
Ordinances and Decrees.
other filed with the archives of said municipality; and all
marriages so- celebrated, shall be valid to all intents and pur-
poses, in law and in equity. And all marriages heretofore
celebrated by bond or otherwise, under the heretofore exist-
ing laws, are, in like manner, declared and decreed to be valid:
provided, that all officers who have attended to the same, shall,
on application of either party, or the friend of either party,
file the bond or other evidence of such marriage, with the
archives and records of the courts of their respective munici-
pality; and on failure to do so, within ten days after appli-
cation is made, shall be fined, in a summary way, in the sum
of one hundred dollars—to be paid to the injured party; and
to be, in the same manner, fined from time to time within ten
days after each application, until the same is done; provided,
also, that all marriages heretofore entered into under the
heretofore existing laws, shall be, and are hereby declared
legal, and the issue of the parties legitimate.
Sec. 10. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
all fines in criminal cases in qui tam actions shall be enforced,
agreeable to the principles of the common laws of England;
and the officer collecting the same shall pay it over to the
treasurer of his respective municipality.
Sec. 11. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
juries for the several municipalities shall be drawn and sum-
moned in the same manner, and made the same rules and
regulations as heretofore practised in Texas; and all wit-
nesses shall be summoned and their attendance enforced, in
the same manner as heretofore done; and all judges and the
judicial officers shall have discretionary power to continue
suits, upon good cause being shewn by the party applying for
the same, under the same rule and restrictions heretofore
practised.
Sec. 12. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
all judges, alcaldes and commissarios shall have power to
administer oaths of office, and. legal oaths to persons
in the army and navy, or wherever an oath is
made necessary by the laws in force; and all municipal offi-
cers contemplated by the sixth section of the organic law,
who have heretofore been required to give bond, shall
give bond with approved security, and take the oath of
( 1042 )