Ordinances and Decrees.
139
office prescribed by law, for the faithful performance of their
several duties.
Sec. 13. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
when any action is brought, suit instituted, or controversy
arises, in any of the several courts of the different munici-
palities of Texas, either party, his agent or attorney, upon
making proper application to the judge or clerk, that a mate-
rial witness or witnesses is residing without said municipality,
or without the jurisdiction of said court, the said party, his
agent or attorney, shall be entitled and receive a commission
for taking the deposition of said witness or witnesses, after
the manner and form heretofore in practice, or under the
rules and regulations of the common law.
Sec. 14. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
the alcaldes and commissaries of each and every munici-
pality in Texas, shall appoint a constable or other suitable
officer, to serve all writs, citations, summonses, and execute all
processes and orders issued or placed in his hands by said al-
caldes or commissaries; and shall give a bond in the sum of
one thousand dollars, payable to the Governor and his suc-
cessors in office, with security to be approved by the said al-
caldes and commissarios, for the faithful performance of his
several duties, and the careful preservation of all papers
placed in his hands, and take the same oath prescribed for all
officers of this Government; and the said constable or officer
shall receive the same fees as sheriffs have heretofore received
in similar cases, for his services.
Sec. 15. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
the constable or other officer so appointed, shall have his ap-
pointment properly certified and forwarded to the acting Gov-
ernor, and receive his commission as all other officers.
Sec. 16. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That there
shall be a clerk appointed for each municipality, and that the
said clerk shall be appointed by the first and second judge and
alcalde, or a majority of them of each municipality; and after
so appointed, and the same duly certified and reported to the
Governor, he shall receive his commission as such. It shall
be the duty of said clerk to take charge of the papers, ar-
chives and dockets of the judge’s court, in his municipality;
to record all deeds and other conveyances, register wills,
(1043 )