140
Ordinances and Decrees.
and keep a record of all suits and cases in the said judge’s
court: he shall copy all writs filed in the judge’s court, issue
summonses for witnesses, and do all acts which clerks have to
do in the superior or circuit courts of the United States of the
North: he shall give bond in the sum of five thousand dollars,
with security to be approved by the judges and alcalde afore-
said, for the careful preservation of the papers, archives, rec-
ords and dockets so placed in his charge; and for the faithful
performance of his several duties as clerk, and take the oath
of office prescribed for all other officers of the Provisional
Government of Texas: provided, that all writs shall be test of
the last day of the term preceding the issuing thereof, and in
the name of the first judge of each municipality, returnable
to the first day of the suceeding term: provided, that the date
of issuing said writ shall be noted in the margin, which shall
be at least ten days before the same is made returnable; and
provided, also, that the following shall be the style and form
of all judicial writs, viz:
In the name of the people free and sovereign:
To E. P., sheriff of the municipality of	:
We command you, that you summons, or attach, the body of
A. B., so that he be and appear before
, first Judge of the municipality of
on the	day of
, at the town of
answer to C. D. in a plea of
to his damage
and as you faithfully execute this,
, in the year
, to
Judge of the aforesaid municipality, on the
A. D,
so you will answer.
Witness E. F. our said
day of
at the
town of
Issued on
G. H., Clerk.
A. D.
Sec. 17. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
there shall be one Prosecuting Attorney of each municipality,
to be appointed after the same manner as the clerk of the
Court, whose duty it shall be to prosecute in the name of the
people, all offences cognizable in the courts of the several
municipalities.
Sec. 18. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
the following shall be the fees of the municipal officers
(1044 )