Ordinances and Decrees.
141
here named, to wit: The Judges of the court of each munici-
pality shall be entitled to a salary of one hundred dollars per
annum, in addition to the fees arising from the Notarial Acts,
and as Probate Judge—which shall be two dollars for each
time he shall sign his name as Notary Public; and five dollars
if he should write the instrument to which he may so sign
his name.
The clerk’s fees as follows, viz: For each and every Deed,
Transfer, or other conveyance of real or personal property
recorded, and entering certificate upon the back of -the same,
two dollars; for each copy of Petitions and Writs, one dollar,
to be taxed in the bill of costs against the party cast in court;
for every summons for witnesses, fifty cents, to be taxed in
the same manner. For each commission for taking the depo-
sition of witnesses, one dollar twenty-five cents, to be also
taxed in the bill of cost against the party cast, and the same
fees in criminal as in civil cases; and for all other services
rendered by said clerk, he is to charge and receive the same
compensation in proportion to the fees in the above named
cases; and in all cases to be taxed by the judge.
Prosecuting Attorney’s Fees.—For drawing and prosecuting
every indictment in cases of felony, under the common law
of England, twenty dollars; and for misdemeanors, ten dol-
lars; and where the criminal is acquitted or unable to pay the
same, it shall be paid out of the fines imposed by the Court,
or public funds of or belonging to this government, in the
municipality where he is appointed. The sheriff’s fees to be
the same as heretofore received, except in the collection of
debts, which shall be as follows:—for all sums under five hun-
dred- dollars, five per cent.; over five hundred dollars, and
under one thousand dollars, three per cent.; over one thou-
sand dollars, two per cent.
Sec. 19. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
the court and bar, in every municipality, shall make and
adopt their own rules and practice: Provided, nevertheless, no
rule shall be adopted which will, be in violation of, and con-
trary to any principle of law, now in force as contemplated by
this ordinance and decree.
Sec. 20. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
courts shall be holden in each municipality in Texas, so
soon after the publication of this ordinance and decree,
( 1045 )