142
Ordinances and Decrees.
as the citizens can be notified of the same, and a jury drawn,
and summoned as pointed out in this ordinance and decree:
and it shall be the duty of the judges aforesaid, to carry the
same into effect.
Sec. 21. Be it ordained and decreed, &c., That the Al-
caldes and Commissarios shall be entitled to the same fees as
the Primary Judge in the first instance heretofore received
for all sums under fifty dollars.
Sec. 22. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c., That
from and after the passage of this ordinance and decree, no
person shall be admitted to practice in law in any Courts of
Texas, without having undergone an examination before
three practising attorneys in each municipality, to be appoint-
ed by the judge thereof for that purpose, touching his abili-
ties and fitness, and shall obtain a license from them to prac-
tice the law in the courts of Texas, aforesaid: Provided,
nevertheless, That each and every stranger who has obtained
a license to practice in any of the superior courts of the
United States, and shall exhibit said license or a certificate
from some clerk or judge of some superior court of law, and
chancery in the United States of the North, that he has prac-
ticed, and was duly authorized to practice the law in said
courts of law and chancery, shall be admitted to practice in
the several courts of Texas.
Sec. 23. Be it further ordained and decreed, &c.. That
each and every attorney admitted to practice, in addition to
the oath presented by the Organic Law, shall take and sub-
scribe the following oath:
“I, A. B., do solemnly swear, that I will honestly and faith-
fully demean myself in the practice of the law, according to
the best of my skill and judgment.”
Sec. 24. Be it ordained, and decreed, &c., That marriage
fees, from and after the passage of this ordinance and decree
shall be five dollars.
Passed at San Felipe de Austin January 16th, 1836.
JOHN M’MULLEN,
President pro tem. of G. C.
E. M. PEASE,
Sec’ry of Gen’l Council.
Approved January 22, 1836.
JAMES W. ROBINSON,
Acting Governor.
(1046)