for Austin’s Colony.
23
on the east side of the Colorado, above the San Antonio road. The
contract expires six years from its date.
On the 5th June, 1826, Austin petitioned the president for permission
to colonise the vacant land lying within the ten league reserve, on the
coast from Labaca to San Jacinto, and on the 22d of April, 1828, the
president granted said petition, in virtue of which, a contract was en-
tered into by Austin with the state government to settle three hundred
families within said ten league reserve, which contract expires six years
from the 29th July, 1828, that being the day on which he'signed said
contract. Austin is also appointed the government commissioner, for
surveying the land, and issuing titles to said three hundred families,
within said ten league reserve colony.
It is not considered necessary to make any remarks on the national
law of 18th August, 1824, on the state law of 25th March, 1825, nor
on the contracts or the instructions to Austin, as commissioner of the
reserve lands on the coast, for translations of them all are herein pub-
lished;—here this introduction will therefore close.
ADVERTISEMENT.
In the foregoing introduction, I have endeavored to present to my
companions and fellow laborers in the first settlement of this wilder-
ness, a faithful history of their land titles, which was considered neces-
sary for the better understanding of the laws, decrees, &c., herein pub-
lished. This matter was so closely connected with the agency which
my deceased father and myself have had in procuring the titles, that
one could not be fully explained without giving a detailed account of
the other: which, it is hoped, will be a sufficient apology for having
noticed so minutely all his and my own acts in the business. I also con-
sidered that it was no more that justice to the settlers and to myself to
place the whole matter in its true light, in order to remove any
eous impressions which may have existed.
This colony has received the most cordial and uninterrupted
erron-
mam-
festations of liberality, confidence, and kindness from every superior
officer, who has governed the province of Texas, or the state of Coahuila
and Texas, from its first commencement to the present time; and for
its services on one occasion, it received in flattering terms the appro-
bation of the president. These testimonials are too high and unim-
peachable, . to leave any doubt as to the morality, honor and integrity
of the great mass of the settlers. But to say that there are no bad men
here would be a violation of candor and truth. There are some individ-
uals who are exceptions to the highly honorable general character which
these inhabitants justly deserve, and who are meeting their reward in
the frowns of public opinion.
As stated in the introduction, the object was not to give a minute
history of the colony, except so far as was necessary to a clear eluci-
dation of the authority under which it was undertaken, and has pro-
gressed. To have entered into the particulars of all the privations, In-
dian expeditions, &c., would have swelled the introduction to a size, be-
yond what the present means of printing it would permit; and besides,
(23)