for Austin’s Colony.
27
to them, in proportion to the moral virtues displayed by each individual.
I also inform you, in order that you may communicate it to those who
intend to emigrate, that the supreme Spanish government has just
opened the port of the bay of San Bernard, for navigation, and for intro-
ductions into this province, which measure, will doubtless be very ad-
vantageous to all, and particularly to the new settlers.
God preserve you many years,
ANTONIO MARTINEZ, Gov.
Bexar, 8th February, 1821.
To Mr. Moses AUSTIN, of the new settlement.
[No. 2.]
{Same to the same.)
Having seen your representation to this government, and finding it
to be conformable with its ideas, I have to inform you that, although I
shall render an account of it to the supreme government, for its delib-
eration, still not doubting it will be approved of, you can immediately
offer to the new settlers the same terms as contained in your proposals,
assuring you that should the superior government make any small varia-
tion, I will in due time communicate it to you; with which I answer
your aforementioned representation.
God preserve you many years,
ANTONIO MARTINEZ.
[No. 3.]
{Same to the same.)
For the better regulations of the Louisiana families, who are to emi-
grate, and whilst the new settlement is forming, you will cause them all
to understand, that until the government organises, the authority which
has to govern them and administer justice, they must be governed by,
and be subordinate to you; for which purpose, I authorise you as their
representative, and relying on your faithful discharge of the duty. You
will inform me of whatever may occur, in order that such measures may
be adopted as may be necessary.
God preserve you many years,
ANTONIO MARTINEZ.
Bexar, 24th, August, 1821.
[No. 5.]
Colonisation Law of 1823.
AUGUSTIN, by divine providence, and by the congress of the nation,
first constitutional emperor of Mexico, and grand master of the im-
perial order of Guadalupe; To all who shall see these presents: Know
ye, That the junta nacional instituyente of the Mexican empire, has
decreed, and we sanction the following:
The Junta Nacional Instituyente of the Mexican empire, being con-
vinced by the urgent recommendations of the government, of the neces-
(27)