32
Laws, Orders and Contracts
town, and that both it, and any others that are founded, may be furnished
with spiritual pastors.
As regards the citizenship which Austin solicits, he is notified to
apply to the J unta Nacional Instituyente, whose province it is to grant it.
And finally, he is authorised to organise the colonists into a body
of national militia, to preserve tranquillity, rendering an account of all
to the governor of Texas, and acting under his orders, and those of the
captain general of the province; also, until the government of the set-
tlement is organised, he is charged with the administration of justice,
settling all differences which may arise among the inhabitants, and pre-
serving good order and tranquillity; rendering an account to the gov-
ernment of any remarkable event that may occur.
ANDRES QUINTANA.
Copy of the fifth article of the memorial of Stephen F. Austin, relative
to colonisation in the province of Texas, which was granted in the
manner stated in the foregoing decree:
That authority be granted to him, to found one or moro towns, at
such points as he may deem most proper, within the limits designated,
and to take for himself, and for his family, sufficient lots for their uses,
and with power to grant lots to useful mechanics, gratis; but that all
others should pay for them, at the price the government may think
proper to establish; the proceeds of which shall be applied to the build-
ing of a church, and other establishments of public utility.
I certify the above to be a copy from the original.
MIGUEL RIESGO, Official Primero.
Mexico, 18th Feb., 1823.
[No. 11.]
Decree of the Sovereign Congress,
Most excellent Sir:—Having seen the reasons which the empresario,
S. F. Austin, has given in his last representation, praying that the con-
cession made to him, by the late government, for the establishment of
three hundred families in Texas, should be confirmed: The sovereign
constituent congress have thought proper to resolve, that the said peti-
tion should be transmitted to the executive, in order that should it have
no objections, it may grant this petition, and any others of the same
kind;—also, the sovereign congress have determined, that hereafter, the
colonisation law, passed by the Junta Instituyente, shall be suspended
until a new resolution on the subject. And by order of the sovereign
congress, we communicate this to your excellency, accompanied by the
said petition.—God preserve your excellency many years.—Mexico, 11th
April, 1823.	FLORENTINO MARTINEZ,
Member and Secretary.
JOSE MARIA SANCHEZ,
Member and Secretary.
To his excellency, the Minister of Interior and Exterior Relations.
(32)