34
Laws, Orders and Contracts
the colonisation law, copies of all of which I have delivered to him, and
also in conformity with such instructions as may in future he communi-
cated to him, he shall proceed to organise said establishment:—which I
communicate to you for your information, in order that in accord with
said commissioner, you may appoint a day for your departure from this
place, and inform me thereof, that I may have the escort ready to ac-
company you.—God and liberty.—Bexar, 38th July, 1823.
LUCIANO GARCIA.
[No. 15.] Official Letter from Governor Garcia, to the Commis-
sioner Bastrop, naming the town of San Felipe de Austin.
Under date of the 22nd inst., I reported to the commandant general
of these provinces as follows:—
“In virtue of your official communication of the 16th ultimo, trans-
mitting to me the documents relative to the colonial establishment,
forming in this province, by Don Stephen F. Austin, of three hundred
families, the receipt of which I acknowledged, by my letter of the 9th
inst.—I have commissioned the second alcalde of this city, Baron de Bas-
trop, on account of his geographical knowledge, and his understanding
the English language, to proceed to the organisation of said establish-
ment, in conformity with the aforementioned documents on the subject,
and with such instructions as it may hereafter be necessary to give him;
.and also to lay out the town, and survey the lands for lots, farms, and
stock farms. The name which I have given to the town, but subject to
your determination, is San Felipe de Austin, and for its greater for-
mality, should you dem it necessary, I wish the corresponding approval
transmitted to me, in order that the commissioner may proceed to exe-
cute what may be necessary.”
Which I transcribe to you for your information, accompanied with a
copy of the colonisation law, in order that, in the discharge of your com-
missison, you will be governed by it, and by the decrees which I have
already communicated to you, as also by such instructions as may be
necessary to give. You will therefore inform me of the day fixed for
your departure, in order that the escort of soldiers, who are to accom-
pany you, may be ready.—God and Liberty.
LUCIANO GARCIA.
Bexar, 26th July, 1833.
[No. 16.] Official Letter of the Commissioner Bastrop, to fames
Cummings, -provisional alcalde, on the Colorado.
The governor pro tem. of this province, Lieutenant Colonel Don
Luciano Garcia, under date of the 16th of last month, says to me as
follows:—
“The commandant general of these provinces, Brigadier Don Felipe
de la Garza, under date of the 16th of June, last past, says to me as
follows:
(34)