36
Laws, Orders and Contracts
semble on the day, and at the place fixed by said commissioner, to put
them in possession of their lands, and issue the titles therefor. And you
will make the corresponding report of the receipt and execution of this
order.”
Which I communicate to you for your information and necessary pur-
poses.—God and Liberty.—San Fernando de Bexar, 23d June, 1824.
JOSE ANTONIO SAUCEDO.
Same to the Same.
The great scarcity of public funds under which this province is suffer-
ing, and the urgent necessities at this time felt by its representative
bodies, has compelled the Baron de Bastrop, sixth member of the most
excellent deputation, to undertake the fatiguing journey to that place,
to collect as much as possible of fees belonging to the nation, agreeably
to the fee bill, which I left with you, on the lands granted to those in-
habitants, and also for the purpose of issuing titles to them, as the com-
missioner of this government, in union with yourself. You will in both
cases use every possible exertion to carry these measures into due effect,
for thus the good of the country requires.—God and Liberty.—San Fer-
nando de Bexar, 22d June, 1824. JOSE ANTONIO SAUCEDO.
Same to the Same, relative to Stamp Paper.
I send you a copy of the law relative to stamp paper, in order that in
conformity therewith, those inhabitants may make out their petitions
for lands, on the corresponding stamp, and that the titles may be issued
to them on the stamp prescribed by law. And as there is not a sufficiency
of stamps in the depot of this city, I authorise you to stamp as much
common paper as may be necessary for those inhabitants, doing it by
means of a line at the top of each sheet, with these expressions: “Sello
30. 4rrs. Habilitado par la Nacion Mexicana para el ano de 1824, Austin.
Signing it with your surname only. After which the'interested person
shall take the same paper to the alcalde of the district, who, as the provi-
sional collector of the revenue, shall collect its value, and put on the mar-
gin of each sheet the following expressions: “Pago el interesado en este
jusgado de mi cargo les cuatro riales importe del Sello anterior.” Date and
signature of the alcalde. The same will be observed with regard to
stamps of other classes. To avoid mistakes, you must keep a circum-
stantial account of the paper stamped by you, and the alcalde will in
like manner, keep an account of the amount collected by him, and each
one will make a return thereof, to the government, at the end of the
year, without, however, delaying to remit the proceeds, as soon as pos-
sible, by any safe opportunity that may present.—God and Liberty.—San
Fernando de Bexar, 22d June, 1824.
JOSE ANTONIO SAUCEDO.
(36)