for Austin’s Colony.
37
[No. 18.] Appointment of Gasper Flores, as Commissioner, in the
place of Baron de Bastrop.
His excellency, the lieutenant governor of the state, under date of 7th
February last past, says to me as follows:—
“It being impossible for Don Felipe Henrique Neri Baron de Bas-
trop the former commissioner of .the first colony of the empresario, citi-
zen Stephen F. Austin, to leave this capital to conclude the unfinished
business of said colony; as well on account of his station as a member
of the legislature, as also because he is dangerously ill; I have thought
proper to determine in consequence of your official representation, No.
11, of the 16th January last past, and with the consent of said Bastrop,
to authorise citizen Gasper Flores, who has been commissioned by the
government, for the second colony of said empresario, to complete the
business which may be unfinished, in the said first colony, which you
will communicate to said citizen, Gasper Flores, for his information and
corresponding effects.”
And I transcribe it to you for the purpose indicated.—God and Lib-
ertv.—Nacogdoches, 19th March, 1827.
JOSE ANTONIO SAUCEDO,
Chief of Department.
To citizen Gasper Flores.
[No. 19.]
Order relative to the Register.
Executive Department, of the State of Coahuila and Texas.
Under this date I have issued the following order, to citizen Gasper
Flores, commissioner of that colony.
"Having considered the official representation, dated th ultimo, di-
rected to me by citizen Stephen F. Austin, empresario of Austin’s colony,
in that department, relative to the mode of preventing the original docu-
ments of that colony from being lost or destroyed by the lapse of time, I
have thought it proper to approve of it, and in consequence, order that
the following articles shall be observed on the subject, which are in ad-
dition to the instructions heretofore given to you.
Art. 1. In order to preserve and perpetuate the documents apper-
taining to the first enterprise of colonisation of the empresario, citizen
Stephen F. Austin, in Texas, established in virtue of the supreme decree
of the Mexican government, dated 18th February, 1823; of which you
are appointed commissioner, in the place of the former commissioner,
Baron de Bastrop, all the said documents shall be transcribed, together
with, the decrees of the government on the subject, and the titles issued
in virtue of them, to individuals, and to said empresario, accompanied
with a plot of each tract of land, and of the town of San Felipe de
Austin, in a large book, well bound, and destined for that object.
Art. 2. At the top of the first page of said book, the following words
shall be written, “Register of the documents and titles, issued in the
first enterprise of colonisation of the empresario, citizen Stephen F. Aus-
(37)