38
Laws, Orders and Contracts
tin, in Texas,” which shall be signed by the commissioner, empresario
and alcalde, of the town, with assistant witnesses.
Art. 3. At the end of each document, and title, the following words
shall be put: "The foregoing instrument of writing, is literally copied
from its original, which is on file in the archives of this colony;” date
and signature of the commissioner, empresario, and alcalde, with as-
sistant witnesses.
Art. 4. At the end of the register of the whole, the following words
shall be put: “The foregoing register, composed of------pages, contains
literal and exact copies of all the documents and titles filed in the ar-
chives of the first colony of the empresario, citizen- Stephen F. Austin,
established in Texas, in virtue of the colonisation law, of the 4th Janu-
ary, 1823, and of the decree of the supreme government of the Mexican
nation, of the 18th of February, confirmed by those of the sovereign
constituent congress, and supreme executive power, dated the 11th and
14th April of the said year 1823, which are copied into this book,
and compared with their originals, by the commissioner, citizen Gasper
Flores, empresario citizen Stephen F. Austin, and the alcalde of this
town, in compliance with the instructions of his excellency, the governor
of the state of Coahuila and Texas, dated 31st of May, 1827, for the
purpose of preserving and perpetuating said documents in the archives
of said colony in a secure form, in order that they may at all times have
the same value and legality in law, as their originals: in attestation of all
which, we, the said commissioner, empresario, and alcalde, sign, &c. &c.”
“Inasmuch as I am informed that the book destined for this object,
is already acquired by the empresario, and that the stamp paper on
which the original titles are extended, has been paid for;—the said book
shall be stamped by the collector of the stamp duties of the town of San
Felipe de Austin, with the stamp of the fourth seal; and he will col-
lect the value of one stamp for each leaf, for which purpose he will put
the corresponding certificate, on the first and last leaf, expressing in the
latter the whole amount of stamps collected, which shall be entered in
the accounts of his office.”
Which I transcribe to you for your intelligence and observance, so
far as appertains to you in answer to your official representation of the
5th of last month, relative to the matter.—God and Liberty.—Saltillo,
31st Mav, 1827.	AEISPE, Governor of the State.
JUAN ANTONIO PADILLA, Secretary of State.
To Citizen Stephen F. Austin.
[No. 20.] (Decree No. 72-) National Colonisation Lazv.
The Supreme Executive Power, provisionally appointed by the general
sovereign Constituent Congress—To all who shall see and understand
these presents: Know ye—that the said Congress has decreed as fol-
lows :—
Art. 1. The Mexican nation offers to foreigners, who come to estab-
lish themselves within its territory, security for their persons and prop-
erty, provided, they subject themselves to the laws of the country.
Art. 2. This law comprehends those lands of the nation, not the
(38)