for Austin’s Colony.
41
that the proceedings shall be passed to the government for its approba-
tion.
Abt. 5. Foreigners of any nation, or a native of any of the Mexican
states, can project the formation of new towns on any lands entirely
vacant, or even on those of an individual, in the case mentioned in
the 35th article: but the new settlers who present themselves for ad-
mission, must prove their Christianity, morality, and good habits, by a
certificate from the authorities where they formerly resided.
Abt. 6. Foreigners who emigrate at the time in which the general
sovereign congress may have prohibited their entrance, for the- purpose
of colonising, as they have the power to do, after the year 1840, or pre-
vious to that time, as respects those of any particular nation, shall not
then be admitted; and those who apply in proper time, shall always sub-
ject themselves to such precautionary measures of national security,
which the supreme government, without prejudicing the object of this
law, may think proper to adopt relative to them.
Abt, 7. The government shall take care, that within the twenty
leagues bordering on the limits of the United States of the North, and
ten leagues in a straight line from the coast of the Gulf of Mexico,
within the limits of this state, there shall be no other settlements, except
such as merit the approbation of the supreme government of the Union,
for which object, all petitions on the subject, whether made by Mexicans
or foreigners, shall be passed to the superior government, accompanied
by a corresponding report.
Abt. 8. The projects for new settlements in which one or more
persons offer to bring at their own expense, one hundred or more fam-
ilies, shall be presented to the government, and if found conformable
with this law, they will be admitted: and the government will immedi-
ately designate to the contractors, the land where they are to establish
themselves, and the term of six years, within which they must present
the number of families they contracted for, under the penalty of losing
the rights and privileges offered in their favor, in proportion to the
number of families which they fail to introduce, and the contract totally
annulled if they do not bring at least one hundred families.
Abt. 9. Contracts made by the contractors or undertakers, im-
presarios, with the families brought at their expense, are guaranteed by
this law, so far as they are conformable with its provisions.
Abt. 10. In the distributions of land, a preference shall be given to
the military entitled to them, by the diplomas issued by the supreme
executive power, and the Mexican citizens who are not military, among
whom there shall be no other distinction, than that founded on them
individual merit, or services performed for the country, or in equal
circumstances, a residence in the place where the land may be situated;
the quantity of land which may be granted, is designated in the follow-
ing articles:
Abt. 11. A square of land, which on each side has one league or
five thousand varas, or what is the same thing, a superficies of twenty-
five million varas, shall be called a sitio, and this shall be the unity for
counting one, two, or more sitios; and also the unity for counting one,
two, or more labors, shall be one million square varas, or one thousand
varas on each side, which shall compose a labor. The vara for this
measurement shall be three geometrical feet.
(41)