for Austin’s Colony.
43
the markets, without paying any duties whatever for commerce, in the
products of the country; and if attracted by the moderation and con-
fidence, with which they shall be treated, any of them, after having first
declared themselves in favor of our religion and institutions wish to
establish themselves in any settlements that are forming, they shall be
admitted, and the same quantity of land given them, as to the settlers,
spoken of in the 14th and 15th articles, always pref erring. native Indians
to strangers.
Art. 20. In order that there may be no vacancies between tracts, of
which, great care shall be taken in the distribution of lands; it shall be
laid off in squares, or other forms although irregular, if the local situa-
tion requires it; and in said distribution, as well as the assignation of
lands for new towns, previous notice shall be given to the adjoining pro-
prietors, if any, in order to prevent dissentions and law suits.
Art. 21. If by error in the accession, any land shall be granted, be-
longing to another, on proof being made of that fact, an equal quantity
shall be granted elsewhere, to the' person who may have thus obtained
it through error, and he shall be indemnified by the owner of such land,
for any improvements he may have made; the just value of which im-
provements shall be ascertained by the appraisers.	■
Art. 22. The new settlers as an acknowledgement, shall pay to the
state, for each sitio of pasture land, thirty dollars; two dollars and a half
for each labor without the facility of irrigation, and three dollars and
a half for each one that can be irrigated, and so on proportionally ac-
cording to the quantity and quality of the land distributed; but the said
payments need not be made, until six years after the settlement, and by
thirds; the first within four years, the second within five years, and the
last within six years, under the penalty of losing the land, for a failure,
in any of said payments; there are excepted from this payment, the con-
tractors, and military, spoken of in the 10th article; the former, with
respect to lands given them, as a premium, and the latter, for those
which they obtained, in conformity with their diplomas.
Art. 23. The ayuntamientos of each municipality (Comarca,) shall
collect the abovementioned funds, gratis, by means of a committee, ap-
pointed either within or without their body; and shall remit them as
they are collected, to the treasurer of their funds; who will give the
corresponding receipt, and without any other compensation than two
and a half per cent., all that shall be allowed him, he shall hold them
at the disposition of the government, rendering an account every month
of the ingress and egress, and of any remissness or fraud, which he may
observe in their collection, for the correct management of all which, the
persons employed, and the committee, and the individuals of the ayun-
tamientos who appoint them, shall be individually responsible, and that
this responsibility may be at all times effectual, the said appointments
shall be made viva voce, and information shall be given thereof, immedi-
ately to the government.
Art. 24. The government will sell to Mexicans, and to them only,
such lands as they’may wish to purchase, taking care that there shall
not be accumulated in the same hands more than eleven sitios; and
under the condition, that the purchaser must cultivate what he acquires
by this title within six years from its acquisition, under the penalty of
losing them, the price of each sitio, subject to the foregoing condition,
(43)