for Austin’s Colony.
45
to it, and subjecting themselves in all other particulars, to the ordinances
or taxes, established or which may be established on this branch.
Abt. 34. Towns shall be founded on the sites deemed most suitable,
by the government, or the person commissioned for this effect, and for
each one, there shall be designed four square leagues, whose area may be
in a regular or irregular form, agreeably to the situation.
Abt. 35. If any of the said sites should be the property of an indi-
vidual, and the establishment of new towns on them, should notoriously
be of general utility, they can, notwithstanding, be appropriated to this
object, previously indemnifying the owner for its just value, to be deter-
mined by appraisers.
Abt. 36. Building lots in the new towns shall be given gratis, to the
contractors of them, and also to artists of every class, as many as are
necessary for the establishment of their trade; and to the other settlers
they shall be sold at public auction, after having been previously valued
—under the obligation to pay the purchase money by instalments of one
third each; the first in six months, the second in twelve months, and the
third in eighteen months; but all owners of lots, including contractors
and artists, shall annually pay one dollar for each lot, which, together
with the produce of the sales, shall be collected by the ayuntamientos,
and applied to the building of churches in said towns.
Abt. 37. So far as practicable, the towns shall be composed of natives
and foreigners, and in their delineations great care should be taken to
lay off the streets straight, giving them a direction from north to south,
and from east to west, when the site will permit it.
Abt. 38. For the better location of the said new towns, their regular
formation and exact partition of their lands and lots, the government
on account of having admitted any project, and agreed with the con-
tractor or contractors, who may have presented it, shall commission a
person of intelligence and confidence, giving him such particular in-
structions as may be deemed necessary and expedient; aud authorising
him under his own responsibility, to appoint one or more surveyors to
lay off the town scientifically, and do whatever else may be required.
Abt. 39. The governor in conformity with the last fee bill Arancel,
of notary publics of the ancient audience of Mexico, shall designate the
fees of the commissioner, who, in conjunction with the colonists, shall
fix the surveyor’s fees; but both shall be paid by the colonists, and in
the manner which all parties among themselves may agree upon.
Abt. 40. As soon as at least forty families are united in one place,
they .shall proceed to the formal establishment of the new towns, and
all of them shall take an oath to support the general and state constitu-
tions; which oath -will be administered by the commissioner, they shall
then, in his presence, proceed for the first time to the election of their
municipal authority.
Aet. 41. A new town, whose inhabitants shall not be less than two
hundred, shall elect an ayuntamiento, provided there is not another
one established within eight leagues, in which case, it shall be added
to it. The number of individuals which are to compose the ayunta-
miento, shall be regulated by the existing laws.
Abt. 42. Foreigners are eligible, subject to the provisions which the
constitution of the state may prescribe, to elect the members of their
municipal authorities, and to be elected to the same.
(45)