for Austin’s Colony.
47
[No. 22.] Contract -with the Government of the State for the Coloni-
sation offve hundred Families.
Executive Department of the State of Coahuila and Texas.
I have before me the representation, directed by you to the supreme
government of the nation, dated 6th November, 1824, soliciting that
Galveston might be made a port of entry, and asking authority to
settle two or three hundred families, more or less, on the lands con-
tiguous to those already distributed in that colony, and particularly on
the bay of Galveston, and the rivers that discharge into it; you also ask
authority to found a town, on the island of Galveston, or at some suitable
point; which representation was transmitted to me by the honorable
legislature of the state, when it communicated to me the law of coloni-
sation, passed by that body the 24th of March last, for the purposes
which might be necessary, relative to said new colony proposed by you.
Subsequently, I received your representation of the 4th of February
last, on the same subject, and. proposing to colonize three hundred honest
and industrious families, a part of whom were in the country on the
Trinity, and Neches rivers, beyond your limits; which families you offer
to settle on the waters of the Brazos and Colorado, as high as to the
San Antonio road.
In consequence of your representations, and keeping in view the con-
tracts, made by this government a few days since, with four other em-
presarios, to colonize all the lands adjacent to your colony on the east,
north and west, with two thousand four hundred families; in conformity
with the law of colonisation, and the conditions imposed by the govern-
ment, excepting only, the ten border leagues on the coast, and twenty
border leagues on the boundary line, reserved by the national colonisa-
tion law, of the 18th August, 1824, subject to the disposition of the
national government; and being informed that there remains much va-
cant land within the limits of your first colony, not granted to any per-
son; I hereby grant the permission which you petition for, to settle the
three hundred families you mention, on the vacant lands, remaining in
the colony now under your charge, and not comprehended in any of
those already granted to other empresarios, so as to avoid granting an
establishment on lands already assigned to others for that purpose.
In case you still wish to effect the colonisation of the said three
hundred families, which you propose, within the limits of your first col-
ony, the said additional families must subject themselves to the federal
constitution, and that of the state, and to the general and local laws of
their adopted country; the said new colony shall also be regulated by the
colonisation law of the state of the 24th March last, and you as em-
presario, must be subject to the following stipulations:
Abt. 1. The government admits the proposition presented by citizen
Stephen F. Austin, in his representation of the 4th February, of the last
year, relative to the colonisation of three hundred families, so far as may
be conformable with the colonisation law, passed by the honorable legis-
lature of this state, 24th March last; and I hereby designate, in com-
pliance with the 8th article of said law, and in consequence of your repre-
(47)