for Austin’s Colony.
49
immediately proceed with said project. God and Liberty. Saltillo, 27th
of April, 1825.
RAFAEL GONZALES, Governor of the State.
To Citizen Stephen F. Austin.
Having seen the stipulations and conditions, stated in the foregoing
official instrument of his excellency, Rafael Gonzales, governor of the
state of Coahuila and Texas, relative to the colonisation of three hundred
foreign families on the vacant lands remaining within the colony which I
have already established in Texas; I hereby declare my acceptance of the
same, and agree to comply with them in every particular under the pen-
alty of losing the rights and privileges mentioned in the third article
of said stipulations. San Felipe de Austin, 4th of June, 1825.
STEPHEN F. AUSTIN.
[No. 23.] Official letter of the Governor extending the foregoing
Contract to five hundred families.
Executive Department of the state of Coahuila and Texas.
On the 27th of April last, I transmitted to you the conditions on which
the government admitted the peroject of colonising three hundred fami-
lies, proposed by you to the government of the Union in your represen-
tation of the 6th of November, 1824, and in that to the government of
this state, of the 4th of February last, specifying more particularly the'
section you wish to colonise.
I have just received the new representatiou which you have trans-
mitted, under the date of the 4th of April last, proposing to establish
five hundred families in said new colony; and understanding that the
district designated for you in my communication of the 27th of April
last, is sufficiently extensive to settle the five hundred families which
you now propose, I hereby grant you permission to do so on the same
conditions which I have before indicated to you, it being understood
that your former petitions on this subject are all consolidated in the
last ones of the 4th of April.
As regards establishing the port of Galveston I will communicate
the result to you separately as soon as the sovereign congress of the
nation determines that question. God and Liberty. Saltillo, 20th of.
May, 1825.
RAFAEL GONZALES, Governor of the State.
To Citizen Spephen F. Austin.
4 —VOL. 1.
(49)