for Austin’s Colony.
51
you are to be governed in the discharge of this most important com-
mission.—God and Liberty.—Saltillo, 21st April, 1826.
ARISPE.
To citizen Gasper Flores.
JUAN ANTONIO PADILLA,
Secretary of State.
[No. 27.] Contract -with the Government for settling the reserve land
on the coast, between La Baca and San facinto.
Petition of S. F. Austin, to the President.—The land situated within
the ten border leagues from the Gulf of Mexico on the Brazos and Colo-
rado rivers is in part colonised by me, under the concession granted by
the supreme government of the Mexican nation, thus leaving a portion
of vacant land within said ten leagues; and as it is of great importance
to the prosperity of this new colonial establishment, that said ten leagues
should be added to the colony, which the government of the state of
Coahuila and Texas has assigned to me, for the settlement of the five
hundred families which I have contracted to introduce; I therefore
petition the national government to grant me permission to colonise
the ten border leagues on the coast, within the following limits—to wit,
beginning on the east side of the La Baca, ten leagues from the coast,
thence eastwardly following the northern boundary of the ten border
leagues, to the river San Jacinto; thence down the same to the coast,
thence following the latter westwardly to the mouth of said La Baca,
and up said river to the place of beginning; comprehending all the
vacant lands between the said rivers La Baca and San Jacinto, and
within the ten border leagues from the coast; and that section of coun-
try should be added to the beforementioned colony, to be colonised
under the same conditions stipulated with the government of the state
of Coahuila and Texas, for said colony of five hundred families.
STEPHEN F. AUSTIN.
San Felipe de Austin, 5th June, 1826.
Opinion of the Governor of the State on the foregoing petition.
Most Excellent Sir:—I have the honor to transmit to your excellency
the original petition of citizen Stephen F. Austin, empresario of the
colony of this name, on the Brazos and Colorado rivers in Texas; solicit-
ing permission to colonise the ten border leagues on the Gulf of Mexico,
between La Baca and San Jacinto.
Having completed the colony of three hundred families, which the
said Austin contracted with the supreme government of the nation in
April 1823, he solicited, in 1825, authority from the State government
to introduce five hundred families more, and settle them in the section
of country designated for his first colony, and a contract was entered into
with him, for that purpose, on the terms and conditions expressed in the
(51)