54
Laivs, Orders and Contracts
Abt. 3. At any time, in case the government should need any tracts
of land which, from their local situation, may be useful, beneficial, and
proper, for the construction of any forts, wharves, or public warehouses,
for the defence of any ports, or establishment of the public administra-
tion, the empresario shall not have any right to impede the occupation
of any such lands or useful points which may be selected by officers
appointed by the government, and which may be necessary for any ob-
jects of public security or integrity of the territory, although they
may not be comprehended in those specified in this article.
Abt. 4. Citizen Stephen F. Austin, having the confidence of the
government, is hereby authorised in due form to discharge, at the same
time, both the obligations of empresario, and the duties and functions
of commissioner of the government, in the establishment of new towns
and settlements in the before-mentioned border lands, which are the
subject of this contract, and to cause said lands to be surveyed and
divided out to the colonists, with entire conformity to the law, on the
subject and to the instructions of the government, which will be sep-
arately directed to him.
Abt. 5. Inasmuch as the said empresario has not clearly expressed
the number of families which he offers to introduce on said border ter-
ritory, which he is now permitted to colonise; it is necessary that he
should make a specific declaration to the government as to this particu-
lar, or whether he has another contract of five hundred families pending,
to be established in the interior of the country, it is his wish to locate
a part of them in said border territory, as appears to be indicated by his
representation of 5th June, 1826, whatever said Stephen F. Austin may
determine on this point shall be considered as inserted in this article.
Abt. 6. The said empresario shall have the right to receive the lands
designated in the 12th article of the colonisation law of this state in
proportion to the number of families he is to introduce, and to select
said land at the sites or situation which he may choose, the titles of pos-
session for said lands in favor of the said empresario shall be delivered
by the first alcalde of the town of San Felipe de Austin, who is hereby
commissioned in due form for the sole purpose.
Abt. 7. The other duties and obligations of citizen Stephen F. Aus-
tin, as empresario, are those of a general nature, which, although not
expressed in this contract, are inserted in his contract for five hundred
families, extended by this government the 27th of April, 1825, all of
which shall be considered as herein inserted.
Abt. 8. His duties and obligations as commissioner of the govern- ■
ment for this enterprise, are those prescribed by the law of colonisa-
tion of this state, of the 24th March, 1825, and by the instructions to
the commissioner approved by the legislature the 4th of September,
1827, and by which all his operations shall be governed under the re-
sponsibilities therein specified.
Abt. 9. The certified copy in due form, solicited by said citizen Ste-
phen F. Austin, of the documents on this subject, and of this con-
tract, shall be delivered to him attested by the secretary of state, in order
that, should this contract be accepted of by him, said Austin, it shall
be considered as concluded and perfected from the date of his accepta-
tion thereof, from which date the term of six years shall be computed,
(54)