for Austin’s Colony.
55
prescribed by law for the introduction of the families under this coloni-
sation enterprise.
Abt. 10. The salary or fees corresponding to the commissioner, shall
be regulated by the provisions of the law of the legislature of the state,
No. 62, dated 15th of May of the present year.—Date as above.
J. MAEIA VIESCA.
JUAN ANTONIO PADILLA, Sec’y of State.
Citizen Juan Antonio Padilla, secretary of the state of Coahuila and
Texas. I certify that the foregoing is literally and legally copied from
the originals, which are on file in this office under my charge.
JUAN ANTONIO PADILLA,
Secretary of State.
Leona Vicario, 12th July, 1828.
Acceptance of the foregoing Contract by S. F. Austin.
Having examined the contract which his excellency the governor of
the state of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to comprise in ten
articles, dated in the city of Leona Vicario, 9th July, 1828, for the colo-
nisation of the ten border leagues on the coast of the Gulf of Mexico,
between the La Baca and San Jacinto, in Texas; I, citizen Stephen F.
Austin, declare that I accept of the said contract, under its stipulations;
and as respects the fifth article of the same, which requires a declara-
tion on my part of the number of families which I engage to introduce,
in virtue of said contract, I hereby declare and offer to introduce the
number of three hundred; it being understood that I am to receive the
premium land, in proportion to the families which I introduce, desig-
nated for empresarios, in the 12th article of the colonisation law of the
state, although they should not amount to three hundred, if they exceed
one hundred as provided in said 12th article; and being regulated by
the maximum, established in the same article of said law, and by the
contracts entered into with the govetment, by me on the 27th April,
1825, and the 20th November, 1827.-—God and Liberty.— Town of Aus-
tin, 20th July, 1828.
STEPHEN F. AUSTIN.
To his excellency the governor of the state of Coahuila and Texas.
Executive Decree on the above Acceptation.
Leona Vicario, 21st August, 1828.
The above acceptation is added to the documents, and a copy of it,
and of this decree, shall be transmitted to the empresario for his se-
curity.
VIESCA.
JUAN ANTONIO PADILLA, Sec’y of State.
A copy from the original, filed with the respective documents in this
office under mv charge.—Leona Vicario, 22d August, 1828.
JUAN ANTONIO PADILLA, Sec’y of State.
( 55)