56
Laws, Orders and Contracts
Instructions to the Commissioner appointed by the Legislature of
the State.
Executive Department of the State of Coahuila and Texas.
Instructions by which the commissioner shall be governed in the par-
tition of lands to the new colonists, who may establish themselves
in the state, in conformity with the colonisation law of the 24th
March, 1825.
Art. 1. It shall be the duty of the commissioner, keeping in view
the contract which an empresario may have entered into with the gov-
ernment, and also the colonisation law of the 24th March, scrupulously
to examine the certificates or recommendations which foreign emigrants
must produce from the local authorities of the place where they re-
moved from, accrediting their Christianity, morality, and steady habits,
in conformity with the 5th article of said law, without which requisite
they shall not be admitted in the colony.
Art. 2. In order to prevent being imposed on by false recommenda-
tions, the commissioner shall not consider any as sufficient without a
previous opinion in writing as to their legitimacy, from the empresario,
for which purpose they shall be passed to him by the commissioner.
Art. 3. The commissioner shall administer to each of the new colo-
nists the oath in form, to observe the federal constitution of the United
Mexican states, the constitution of the state, the general laws of the
nation, and those of the state which they have adopted for their country.
Art. 4. He shall issue in the name of the state the titles for land,
in conformity with the law, and put the new colonists in possession of
their lands, with all legal formalities, and the previous citation of ad-
joining proprietors, should there be any.
Art. 5. He shall not give possession to any colonists who may have
established, or who may wish to establish themselves within twenty
leagues of the limits of the United States of the north, or within ten
leagues of the coast, unless it should appear that the supreme govern-
ment of the nation had approved thereof.
Art. 6. He shall take care that no vacant lands be left between pos-
sessions, and in order that the lines may be clearly designated, he shall
compel the colonists, within the term of one year, to mark their lines,
and to establish fixed and permanent corners.
Art. 7. He shall appoint, under his own responsibility, the surveyor,
who must survey the land scientifically, requiring him previously to take
an oath truly and faithfully to discharge the duties of his office.
Art. 8. He shall form a manuscript book of paper of the 3d stamp,
in which shall be written the titles of the lands distributed to the colo-
nists, specifying the names, the boundaries, and other requisites, and
legal circumstances; and a certified copy of each title shall be taken from
said book on paper of the 2nd stamp, which shall be delivered to the
interested person on his title.
Art. 9. Each settler shall pay the value of the stamp paper used in
issuing his title both for the original and copy.
Art. 10. This book shall be preserved in the archives of the new
colony, and an exact form of it shall be transmitted to government,
(56)