58
Laws, Orders and Contracts
be founded, and transmit it to the government, keeping a copy of it in
the said register book of the colony.
Abt. 21. He shall see that at the crossing of each of the rivers on
the public roads, where a town is founded, a ferry is established at the
cost of the inhabitants of said town, a moderate rate of ferriage is es-
tablished to pay the salary of the ferryman and the cost of the neces-
sary boats, and the balance shall be applied to the public funds of the
town.
Abt. 22. In places where there is no towns, and where ferries are
necessary, the colonists who may be settled there shall be charged with
the establishment of the ferry, collecting a moderate ferriage until such
ferries are rented out for the use of the state. Any colonist who wishes
to establish a ferry on the terms above indicated, shall form an exact
and certified account of the costs which he may be at for the building
of boats, and also an account of the produce of the ferry, in order that
when said ferry is rented out for the use of the state, he shall have a
right to receive the amount of .said expenses which had not already been
covered by the produce of the ferry, which for the present he will col-
lect.
Abt. 23. He shall preside at the popular elections mentioned in the
40th article of the colonisation law for the appointment of the ayunta-
miento, and shall put the elected in possession of their offices.
Abt. 24. He shall take special care that the portions of land granted
to the colonists by articles 14, 15, and 16, shall be measured by the
surveyors with accuracy, and not permit any one to include more land
than is designated by law, under penalty of being personally responsible.
Abt. 25. Should any colonist solicit, in conformity with the 17th
article of the law, an augmentation of land beyond that designated in
the preceding articles, on account of the size of the family, industry, or
capital, he shall present his petition in writing to the commissioner,
stating all the reasons on which he founds his petition, who shall trans-
mit it to the governor of the state, together with his opinion, for which
opinion he shall be responsible in the most rigid manner, in order that
the governor may decide on the subject.
Abt. 26. All the public instruments, titles, or other documents is-
sued by the commissioner, shall be written in Spanish, the memorials,
decrees, and reports of the colonists or empresarios, on any subject what-
ever, shall be written in the same language, whether they are to be
transmitted to the government, or preserved in the archives of the
colony.
Abt. 27. All public instruments or titles of possession, and the copies
signed by the commissioner, shall be attested by two assistant witnesses.
Abt. 28. The commissioner shall be personally responisble for all acts
performed by him contrary to the colonisation law, or these
or measures
instructions.
A copy.—
■Saltillo, September 4th, 1827.
TIJERINA, ) Secretaries of the
ARCINIEGA, 5 Legislature.
A copy, JUAN ANTONIO PADILLA.
Secretary of State.
(58)