DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE.
"Whereas, the Government of the Mexican United States, have by re-
peated insults, treachery and oppression, reduced the White and Red
emigrants from the United States of North America, now living in the
Province of Texas, within the Territory of the said Government, into
which they have been deluded by promises solemnly made, and most
basely broken, to the dreadful alternative of either submitting their free-
born necks to the yoke of an imbecile, faithless, and despotic-govern-
ment, miscalled a Republic; or of taking up arms in defence of their
unalienable rights and asserting their Independence; They —viz:—The'
White emigrants now assembleci in the town of Nacogdoches, around the
Independent Standard, on the one part, and the Red emigrants .who have
espoused the same Holy Cause, on the other, in order to prosecute more
speedily and effectually the War of Independence, they have mutually
undertaken, to a successful issue, and to bind themselves by the liga-
ments of reciprocal interests and obligations, have resolved to form a
Treaty of Union, League and Confederation.
For the illustrious object, Benjamin W. EDWARDS and HARMAN B.
Mayo, Agents of the Committee of Independence, and RICEARD FIELDS
and John D. Hunter, the Agents of the Red people, being respectively
furnished with due powers, have agreed to the following Articles. .
1.	The above named contracting parties, bind themselves to a solemn
Union, League and Confederation, in Peace and War, to establish and
defend their mutual independence of the Mexican United States.
2.	The contracting parties guaranty, mutually, to the extent of their
power, the integrity of their respective Territories, as now agreed upon
and described, viz: The Territory apportioned to the Red people, shall
begin at the Sandy Spring, where Bradley’s road takes off from the road
leading from Nacogdoches to the Plantation of Joseph Dust, from thence
West, by the Compass, without regard to variation, to the Rio Grande,
thence to the head of the Rio Grande, thence with the mountains to the
head of Big Red River, thence north to the boundary of the United
States of North America, thence with the same line to the mouth of
Sulphur Fork, thence in a right line to the beginning.
The Territory apportioned to the White people, shall comprehend all
the residue of the Province of Texas, and of such other portions of the
Mexican United States, as the contracting parties, by their mutual ef-
forts and resources, may render Independent, provided the same shall
not extend further west than the Rio Grande.
3.	The contracting parties mutually guaranty the rights of Empressa-
rios to their premium lands only, and the rights of all other individuals,
acquired under the Mexican Government, and relating br appertaining
to the above described Territories, provided the said Empressarios and
individuals do not forfeit the same by an opposition to the Independence
(109)