110
Fredonian Declaration of Independence.
of the said Territories, or by withdrawing their aid and support to its
accomplishment.
4.	It is distinctly understood by the contracting parties, that the Ter-
ritory apportioned to the Red people, is intended as well for the benefit
of the Tribes now settled within the Territory apportioned to the White
people, as for those living in the former Territory, and that it is incum-
bent upon the contracting parties for the Red people to offer the said
Tribes a participation in the same.
5.	It is also mutually agreed by the contracting parties, that every
individual, Red and White, who has made .improvement within either of
the Respective Allied Territories and lives upon the same, shall have a
fee simple of a section of land including his improvement, as well as the
protection of the government under which he may reside.
6.	The contracting parties mutually agree, that all roads, navigable
streams, and all other channels of conveyance within each Territory,
shall be open and free to the use of the inhabitants of the other.
7.	The contracting parties mutually stipulate that they will direct
all their resources to the prosecution of the Heaven-inspired cause which
has given birth to this solemn Union, League and Confederation, firmly
relying upon their united efforts, and the strong arm of Heaven, for
success.
In faith whereof the Agents of the respective contracting parties here-
unto affix their names. ■ Done in the Town of Nacogdoches, this twenty-
first day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hun-
dred and twenty-six.
[Signed.]
B. W. EDWARDS,
H. B. MAYO, •
RICHARD FIELDS,
JOHN D. HUNTER.
We, the Committee of Independence, and the Committee of Red Peo-
ple, do ratify the above Treaty, and do pledge ourselves to maintain it
in good faith. Done on the day and date above mentioned.
[Signed.]
MARTIN PARMER, President.
RICHARD FIELDS,
JOHN D. HUNTER,
NE-KO-LAKE,
JOHN BAGS,
CUK-TO-KEH,
HADEN EDWARDS.
W. B. LEGON.
JNO. SPROW,
B. P. THOMPSON,
JOS. A. HUBER,
B. W. EDWARDS,
H. B. MAYO.
(110)