Proceedings of the Convention of Texas.
7
fore, considered to be highly important to the interest of Texas, and of
the Nation, to .counteract these misrepresentations, by a plain statement
of facts; and that a decided declaration should be made by the people of
Texas, convened in General Convention, of our firm and unshaken adhe-
sion to the Mexican Confederation and Constitution, and our readiness to
do our duty as Mexican Citizens.
2d. The 11th article of the Law of the 6th of April, 1830, which pro-
hibits natives of the United States of the North, from emigrating to these
Colonies, has entirely paralized the advancement and prosperity of Texas,
and exposed it to be filled with a bad and useless population. That Law
also severs families and friends, by preventing a removal to this country of
many who remain behind in the United States, and for whose reception
in this country, preparations had been made by their relatives and friends,
who came out as pioneers for that purpose. This point was deemed by the
Alcaldes, to be one of sufficient importance to be' noticed in a Memorial
to the Government, by a Convention of Texas, praying for a repeal, or
modification of that article.
3d. The Land Business to the East of Austin’s Colony, still remains
in a very unsettled and uncertain state, and the Alcaldes were also of
opinion that this was a subject which ought to be represented to the
General Government.
4th. The Tariff, as now established, operates very injuriously against,
the agriculture and advancement of the infant settlements of Texas; and
the Alcaldes were of opinion, that it would be proper for the Convention
to represent this matter, and respectfully petition for a reduction of the
duties on such articles as could not be easily transported into the interior
as contraband, and are of indispensihle necessity to the farmers of Texas.
These four topicks embrace all that the Alcaldes had in view, at the time'
of making the request for this Convention. It is considered by us, that
it is the duty of the people of Texas, to lay their situation before the Gen-
eral Government, in order that such Legislative aid may be afforded us,
as the general good of the Nation, and of Texas, may require; and to
accompany it with a firm declaration of our unshaken allegiance to the
Mexican Constitution and Nation. All which is respectfully submitted
for the consideration of the Convention.
Several persons were then nominated for President and Secretary; and
on motion, it was ordered, that the Convention be adjourned until 3
o’clock, P. M., and then enter upon the election of Officers.
The Convention met agreeably to adjournment, and proceeded to the
election of a President and Secretary, by ballot:
THE VOTES STOOD
FOR PRESIDENT,
S. F. Austin,	31 votes
W. H. Wharton,	15 "
FOR SECRETARY,
F. W. Johnson,
C. D. Taylor,
34 votes
11 «
So S. F. Austin was elected President, and F. W. Johnson, Secretary. _
S. F. Austin, was then conducted to the Chair, and returning his thanks
to the House, he made a short address relative to the objects of the Con-
vention; which were, he said, to exercise the Constitutional right of repre-
senting to the Government, the situation of the people of Texas, and to
31 —VOL. 1.
(481)