Proceedings of the Convention of Texas.
9
Whereupon, the following persons were appointed to compose said
committee:
Jonas Harison, William McFarland, William English, Philip Sublett,
Jacob Garrett, Charles S. Taylor, Benjamin Holt, Wyatt Hanks, Fred-
erick Foye, Elijah Isaacs.
On motion, P. C. Jack, and James Morgan were added.
On motion of Mr. Hensley, it was resolved, that five members be ap-
pointed a committee, to inquire into the Indian affairs of Texas; and fix
on some plan for the protection of the frontiers.
Whereupon, the following persons were appointed to form said com-
mittee:
William R. Hensley, Samuel Looney, Nestor Clay, C. Stinnett, Jesse
Burnham.
On motion of John Austin, it was resolved, that a committee of five be
appointed, to report the best mode to regulate the Custom-House affairs
in Texas, until said offices are filled, and regulated by the General Gov-
ernment—and also to report that the Tariff be observed, until the Gov-
ernment shall direct the reorganization of the Custom-House Establish-
ment.
Whereupon, the following persons were appointed to compose that
committee:
John Austin, Nestor Clay, William McFarland, Wyly Martin, George
Sutherland.
On motion of Mr. Lesassier, it was resolved, that a committee of five be
appointed to petition the State Government for a donation of land to
Texas;for the purpose of creating a School Fund, to provide for the future
establishment of Primary Schools—and report to this Convention in a
reasonable time.
Whereupon, the following persons were apointed to form said com-
mittee :
Luke Lesassier, William McFarland, William Menifee, Samuel Bruff,
Thomas Hastings.
Mr. Dinsmore introduced a resolution, to take into consideration the
propriety of Texas’ petitioning for a separate State Government—which
was laid on the table.—Leave was obtained by Mr. Dinsmore to withdraw
his resolution.
On motion, the Convention adjourned until Wednesday, 11 o’clock,
A. M.
WEDNESDAY, October 3.
The Convention met agreeably to adjournment.
On motion of Air. McFarland, it was resolved, that a committee, com-
posed of two members from each district, be appointed, to roport the ex-
pediency or inexpediency of petitioning for a State Government; and that
they be authorized to report such petition, or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. Clay, the Yeas and Nays were called for, on the fore-
going resolution.
( 483 )