Proceedings of the Convention of Texas.
.11
On motion of Mr. McFarland, it was resolved, that a committee of
seven members be appointed, to recommend some uniform mode of or-
ganizing the militia of Texas.
Whereupon, the following persons were appointed to compose said
committee:
William McFarland, W. Hanks, N. Clay, J. E. Groce, J. Austin, George
Sutherland.—On motion, F. W. Johnson; and J. K. Looney were added
to said committee.
On motion of Mr. Beauchamp, it was resolved, that a committee of five
members be appointed, to petition to the State Government to pass a law
authorizing the people of Texas (whose native language is English) to
have all their transactions, and obligations, written in the English lan-
guage, except those which have an immediate connection with Govern-
ment.
Whereupon, the following were appointed to compose said committee:
Thomas D. Beauchamp, Jared E. Groce, James Kerr, C. S. Taylor, Ira
Ingram.
On motion of Mr. Taylor, it was resolved, that a committee of five be
appointed to memorialize the State Government, on the subject of lands
granted to, and petitioned for, by the North American tribes of Indians—
so as to remove much anxiety evinced by them, which is founded on mis,
representation.
Whereupon, the following members were appointed to form said com-
mittee:
Charles S. Taylor, W. McFarland, Jonas Harison, Wyly Martin, John
Austin.—On motion, P. Sublett, J. M. Bradly, and W. Hanks were added.
On motion of Mr. Beauchamp, the Convention adjourned until 3
o’clock P. M. .
The Convention met agreeably to adjournment.
Mr. Groce, Chairman of the committee to whom was referred the reso-
lution on the Tariff, reported the following petition.
To the General Congress of the United Mexican States:
The inhabitants of Texas, assembled in general Convention, by means
of delegates, at the town of San Felipe de Austin, respectfully represent,
that the duties on article's of the first necessity to the inhabitants, which
are not, and cannot be, manufactured in Texas, for several years to come,
are so high as to be equivalent to a total prohibition: that many other
articles which are prohibited by the Tariff, are of the first necessity to the
settlers of Texas; and as the people, in this section of the Republic, are
yet almost without resources, and are generally farmers who make their
support by cultivaing the land, and have no manufacturing establish-
ments yet erected within the limits of Texas—they' respectfully petition
the General Government, to grant for three years, the privilege of of in-
troducing free of duty, such articles as are indispensible to the prosperity
of Texas; among which, this Convention beg leave to enumerate the fol-
lowing, viz: Provisions, Iron & Steel, Machinery, Farming Utensils, Tools
of the various Mechanic Arts, Hardware & Hollow-ware, Nails, Waggons
and Carts, Cotton Bagging and Bale Rope, coarse Cotton Goods and
Clothing, Shoes & Hats, Household & Kitchen Furniture, Tobacco for
( 485 )