16
Proceedings of the Convention of Texas.
and the independence of a nation, depend upon a proper development of
its resources. Can the resources of Texas be properly developed with this
law hanging over it? We believe not. We believe under such circum-
stances, it would remain the comparative wilderness it now is.
Experience shows, that native Mexicans will not settle in it. But should
they do so, it would nothing augment the physical force of the nation:
for it would only be taking population from one part of the Republic,
to place them in another. Will Europeans settle it? We believe Euro-
peans, of the right description to benefit the country, will not—for thou-
sands of reasons. Our hopes then, for a development of the resources of
Texas, are naturally turned, to the United States of the North: to a peo-
ple who have been trained in the school of Republicanism; whose Consti-
tutions are adapted to the climate, and who have been brought up to the
cultivation of such articles as will always be the staples of Texas.—
Against them, alone, however, the door is closed; which, we contend, is
equally injurious to us, and to the National Revenue. Another point of
view, in which the Law of the 6th of April is objectionable, and has been
productive of numberless difficulties, is this: the garrisons with which all
parts of Texas, have been lately crowded, must have grown out of this
law, and have been sent here to enforce it. They. could not have been
sent here for our protection; for when they came, we were able to protect
ourselves; and at the commencement of the settlements, when we were
few, and weak,and scattered, and defenceless,not a garrison—no; not a sol-
dier, came to our assistance. In the presence and vicinity of these garri-
sons, the Civil arm has generally been paralized and powerless; for many
of the officers were law-despisers, who set the political authorities at de-
fiance, brought them into contempt, and trespassed, in every respect, upon
the rights and privileges of their fellow-citizens. When all of these things
are considered, we cannot but believe, that the former characteristic jus-
tice and liberality of your Honorable Bodies, will return to our aid, and
bring about an immediate repeal of this, to us, ever to be deprecated
measure.
That justice, that liberality, we now most respectfully, and solemnly,,
and unanimously, and confidently invoke.
(Signed)
W. H. WEARTON, Chairman.
On motion of Mr. Lesassier, the Convention adjourned until to-morrow,.
11 o’clock, A. M.
THURSDAY, October 4.
The Convention met agreeably to adjournment.
W. D. C. Hall appeared and took his seat.
Mr. McFarland, Chairman of the committee on the expediency, or in-
expediency of petitioning for a State Government, for Texas, made a
Report; which was, on motion of Mr. Wharton, referred to a select com-
mittee of three, for revision.
Messrs. McFarland, Wharton and Lesassier, were appointed to compose
said committee.—On motion of Mr. Clay, it was ordered, that S. F. Aus-
tin, Esq. be added to said committee.
Samuel Hoit, a member from the district of Mina, appeared and took
his seat.
( 490 )