Proceedings of the Convention of Texas.
17
On motion of Mr. Wharton, it was resolved, that the President recom-
mend to the Convention, a suitable person as translator of its proceed-
ings; and that the President supervise the translations, when made.
Whereupon, the President recommended Mr. ALEXANDER Greaves,
as translator, who was unanimously appointed by the Convention.
On motion, the Convention adjourned until Friday, 9 o’clock, A. M.
FRIDAY, October 5.
The Convention met agreeably to adjournment.
Mr. McFarland, chairman of the select committee, to -whom was re-
ferred the memorial for the admission of Texas into the Union as a State,
reported the memorial with an amendment; which was adopted, and is as
follows:
To the Sovereign General Congress of the Republic of Mexico:
The inhabitants of all Texas, met in General Convention, at the Town
of San Felipe dle Austin, by means of delegates, for the purpose of making
known their wants to the Government—most respectfully represent, that
they desire the separation of Texas from Coahuila, believing such separa-
tion indispensable to their mutual happiness and prosperity; and that, ul-
timately, such division would produce the most happy results to the
Mexican Republic.
Coahuila being so distant from the population of Texas, and so widely
variant from it in interests—the rights and wants of the people of Texas,
cannot be properly protected and provided for, under the present organi-
zation, admitting the several Departments of the Government of the State
to be prompted by the utmost purity of intention, in their efforts for the
administration of justice.
Coahuila and Texas, are dissimilar in soil, climate and productions, in
common interests, and partly in population—the representatives of the
former, are numerous, and those of the latter few—in consequence of
which, any law passed peculiarly adapted for the benefit of Texas, has
only to be the effect of a generous courtesy. Laws happily constructed
for the benefit of Coahuila, and conducive to its best interests, might be
ruinous to Texas—such are the conflicting interests of the two countries.
For instance, the unconstitutional law, prohibiting any but native Mexi-
cans from retailing merchandize—which extends to the exclusion of nat-
uralized citizens, from any participation in that employment.
Another reason, which should interest the sympathies of the Republic,
and enlist the aid of the Government, in favor of Texas, is its locality
being adjoining the territory of a powerful nation, whose established pol-
icy towards the aborigines, has a tendency to flood Texas with Indian
emigrants, of a character dangerous in the extreme. The wide extent of
wilderness, forming a nutural boundary between Texas and Coahuila,
places an indispensable barrier in the way of Coahuila’s extending the
efficient means of defence she might wish. This circumstance alone,
demands that all the energies of Texas should be embodied, to prevent
that calamity which threatens this favoured country, and which, nothing
short of a well regulated government of a free, unshackled, and inde-
pendent State, can provide against.
(491 )