18
Proceedings of the Convention of Texas.
For these reasons, and many others, which the General Congress will
readily conceive, and in view of the decree of the 7th of May, 1824, al-
lowing the people of Texas, so soon as their situation would permit to ap-
pear as a distinct state, to report to Congress for their resolution—also,
in connection with the 11th section of the Federal Constitution, guaran-
tying them a representative in Congress, whatever may be their popula-
tion; and considering duly, the benefits that would result, both to Texas
and to the nation, we entertain no doubts of the favorable reception of
this petition.—The people of Texas, present the strongest assurances of
their patriotic attachment to the Constitution, and to the Republic-
pledging all and every interest in life, for the support of their declaration.
Therefore, they most respectfully petition, that that part of the Mexi-
can Republic, known by the name of Texas, shall become a separate state
of the Confederacy, to be placed upon an equal footing with any of the
States of the Union.
(Signed)
• W. McFARLAND, Chairman.
John Austin, chairman of the committee relative to the Custom-
House Department, made their report.
Mr. Hensley moved the following amendment to said report; to add,
after the words “general Tariff,”—talcing from such officers bonds, with
good and sufficient security, to pay over the money collected according to
law. The emendment was received.
The report, as amended, was adopted, and read as follows:
Report of the Committee on the subject of the Custom-House.
The Committee is of opinion, that this Convention should not inter-
fere with the Tariff regulated by the General Government; but recom-
mend that officers be appointed at the several Ports—viz.—Matagorda,
Brazoria, and Galvezton Bay, by the Alcalde of the respective Jurisdiction,
to collect tonnage duty on foreign vessels, in accordance with the regula-
tion of the general Tariff, taking such officer’s bond, with good and suffi-
cient security, to pay over the money according to law; and requiring
them to make a report quarterly to the Alcalde of the Jurisdiction in
which they reside. And that the method of ascertaining the tonnage of
vessels which may enter the ports of Texas, shall be by showing the
Registers of said vessels, to the officer directed to receive the dues.
(Signed)
JOHN AUSTIN, Chairman.
On motion of Mr. Harison, leave of absence was granted to Mr. Mer-
cer, on account of extreme indisposition.
Mr. Lesassier, chairman of the committee to petition the State Gov-
ernment for a donation of land, as a School Fund, presented their report.
Mr. Bruf moved that the blank in said report be filled with twenty-
five leagues.—Mr.' Groce moved that it be filled with one hundred leagues;
and Mr. Ingram that it be filled with one hundred and fifty.
Mr. Wharton moved that this report be laid on the table indefinitely;
which was negatived—the yeas and nays were as follows:
YEAS,—Geo. B. McKinstry, William H. Wharton, John Austin,
Charles D. Sayre, Ira Ingram, A. B. Dobson, George F. Richardson, Jared
E. Groce, W. R. Hensley, James Kerr, J. K. Looney, Hyman Hartz,
(492)