Proceedings of the Convention of Texas.
19
Thomas D. Beauchamp, Samuel Loonev, A. Hier, George Butler, John
Connell—17.
NAYS—Wyly Martin, F. W. Johnson, L. Lesassier, Silas Dinsmore,
Samuel Hoit, Alexander Thompson, Robert Wilson, William Robinson,
Joshua Hadly, Samuel Bruf, Jesse Burnham, William Menifee, George
Sutherland, Hugh McGuffin, Charles S. Taylor, Thomas Hastings, Philip
Sublett, D. McDonald, W. McFarland, Wyatt Hanks, Jacob Garret, Elijah
Isaacs, Benjamin Holt, Jesse Parker, William English, Frederick Foye,
John M. Bradley, Jonas Harison, Patrick C. Jack, Claiborne West, James
Morgan, H. S. Brown, C. Stinnett, Samuel C. Douglass—34.
The several motions to fill the blank were withdrawn by the movers:
and, on motion of Mr. Wharton, it was ordered that said blank be filled,
by asking the Government to make such a donation as it may think
proper.
The President called Mr. Lesassier to the chair, and retired on account
of indisposition.
The report of the committee for a donation of land was adopted as
amended.
To His Excellency, the Governor. and the Honorable, the Legislature
of the Free and Sovereign State of Coahuila and Texas:
The inhabitants of Texas, represented by delegates, chosen for the pur-
pose of making known their wants to that Supreme Government, and
assembled in General Convention, in the Town of San Felipe de Austin,
respectfully represent that, from the commencement of the settlement of
Texas, up to the present time, no step has been taken to encourage public
education, and to create a fund exclusively devoted to that object.—They
would respectfully suggest, that intelligence is the main pillow of repub-
lican institutions, and that without it no Republic can be long-lived—
that in every well regulated community, where free principles predomi-
nate, education among every class of society, has occupied the attention
of the patriot statesman—that the Government of the State of Coahuila
and Texas, heretofore, so liberal, and ever munificent in grants of lands
to individuals, will, it is hoped, be equally so, in the grant of land for
so useful and patriotic an object as will be the dissemination of knowl-
edge through every part of society. Under these considerations, your
memorialists pray a grant of as many leagues of land, for the promotion
of education, as the Legislature, in its liberality, shall think proper to
bestow: to be made to Texas as the foundation of a fund for the future
encouragement of Primary Schools, in Texas, in which will be taught the
Castilian and English Languages: and they further pray, that the said,
grant be made to the Ayuntamientos in Texas, for the use and benefit of
the people in Texas, and for the object aforesaid, with the express condi-
tion that the said lands shall not be sold or otherwise disposed of, until
the voice of the people of Texas, be taken thereon; and your memorialists
conclude with a declaration of their attachment to the Republic of Mex-
ico, and of their devotion to the Federal Constitution, and also of that of
Coahuila and Texas.
(Signed)
L. LESASSIER, Chairman.
( 493 )