Proceedings of the Convention of Texas.
21
behalf, they seemingly became convinced that we fought for justice to
ourselves, and with respect to the rights of every Indian.
But unfortunately just at this time, and while they were being told the
Government would put them in possession of their lands, one or two of
our fellow-citizens, without authority, run off, and included in a survey,
part of the Cherokee claim or grant; consequently creating, by such an
act, a disposition on the part of those Indians, to credit any gross mis-
representation made to them; and to give to former apprehensions the
guise of truth, and they are now losing past confidence in all individual
protestations or advice;—like the wrecked bark, which having crossed a
wide expanse of ocean, is in sight of her destined port, but without the
friendly sails that propelled her, and without any visible aid, or proba-
ble chance of assistance!
Under these circumstances, we most respectfully solicit your Honorable
Body, to investigate the affairs, and learn the wishes of the North Amer-
ican Tribes of Indians, in relation to their lands, so that they may become
assured of our friendship, by active steps taken in their behalf, and to the
end, that they may not be intruded upon unlawfully or unjustly.
And lastly, we beg the Ayuntamiento, of Nacogdoches, will make
known to the Indians that the disposition of the people of Texas is, to as-
sist them in obtaining good titles to, and possession of land, and not to
deprive them of that which they already claim.
C. W. TAYLOR, Chairman.
(Signed)
Mr. Ingram, chairman of the committee, recommending central and
sub-committees throughout Texas, made their report; which was adopted,
and reads as follows:
Me. PRESIDENT:—The Committee to whom was referred the consid-
eration of the question of establishing standing Central and Sub-Com-
mittees of safety, vigilance, &c. throughout Texas—having given the sub-
ject their best attention, beg leave to report:—
That they deem such organization both expedient and important; that
it is the only one which the recommendatory powers of this Convention
can adopt, to protect so extended and scattered a population as that of
Texas, and to give its inhabitants, in case of emergency, the benefit of
the means within their control.
Your committee is of opinion, the general duties of such Central and
Sub-Committees, would be best discharged by keeping up a regular and
stated correspondence with each other, on- all subjects relating .to the
peace and safety of the frontier—and on all relating to the tranquility
■of the interior; and they should endeavor, by a conciliating, patriotic and
magnanimous policy, to impress upon the public mind, the high import-
ance of making every sacrifice but the sacrifice of honor and principle, to
the all-important and transcendent object of united counsels. United,
our strength and resources are more than adequate to our defence in any
possible event. Disunited, we may become an easy pray, even to a hand-
ful of cowardly invaders.
Your committee would recommend, that it be the duty of the sub-com-
mittees to notify the civil and military authorities, most contiguous to
them, of the approach of danger, in the shortest time practicable, in all
■cases; and that it be the duty of the central committee, on receiving simi-
(495 )