26
Proceedings of the Convention of Texas.
of Texas, and to fix on some plan for the protection of the frontiers, beg
leave respectfully to report:
1st. That, from the best information that we can obtain, we find the
Indians are daily committing some depredations on the frontier of our
country; such as murdering our citizens, stealing our horses, &c.
2nd. That we are of the opinion, the best mode of defending our fron-
tier, is that immediately after the organization of the militia of Austin’s
and Dewitt’s Colonies, the first battalion be required to furnish forty
men, properly officered, to serve on our frontier for the term of forty
days.
3rd. That in anticipation of the expiration of the time of said detach-
ment, the second battalion be required to furnish the same quota of men,
to serve a like term of forty days; and so alternately, each battalion of
said. regiment furnishing its quota of forty men, in anticipation of the
close of the term of those in service.
W. E. HENSLEY, Chairman.
(Signed)
Mr. Menifee moved, that the sense of the Convention be taken, whether
there shall be one or two delegates sent to Saltillio, and Mexico, to bear
the mission of this Convention.
Whereupon, it was resolved by the Convention, that only one delegate
should be sent.
On motion of Mr. Hoit, it was resolved, that no new business be ad-
mitted before the Convention after this day.
On motion of Mr. Kerr, it was resolved, that the Central Committee
be requested to correspond with the inhabitants of San Antonio, Labahia,
and Victoria, to inform them of the proceedings of this Convention, and
to solicit them to cooperate to procure a repeal of the 11th article of the
Law of the 6th of April, 1830: and also, invite those districts of country,
to concur with us to procure a State Government for Texas.
On motion of Mr. Kerr, the Convention adjourned until Saturday,
9 o’clock A. M.
SATURDAY, October 6.
The Convention met agreeably to adjournment.
Wyly Martin moved, that the Convention now proceed, in compliance
with the resolution adopted yesterday, to the election of a suitable person
to bear the mission of this Convention, to the State and General Govern-
ments: and he recommended W. H. WEARTON for that service.
Whereupon, the Convention proceeded to said election, vive voce, and
Mt. Wharton was unanimously elected.
Mr. Wharton, in his place, presented the Convention his thanks for
their confidence.
On motion of Mr. Hoit, it was resolved, that a committee of five per-
sons be appointed, to devise ways and means to defray the expenses of
the Delegate to Mexico.
Whereupon, Messrs. Hoit, Groce, Harison, Morgan, and Kerr, were
appointed said committee.—On motion, it was ordered, that S. F. Aus-
tin, W. D. C. Hall and C. S. Taylor be added to said committee.
On motion of Mr. Jack, it was resolved, that this Convention proceed
to recommend to the people of Texas, a suitable person as Brigadier Gen-
(500)