28
Proceedings of the Convention of Texas.
Mr. Holt, chairman of the committee to whom was referred the sub-
ject of ways and means to defray the expences of the Delegate to Mexico,
made the following report, the recommendations of which were adopted:
The committee to whom was referred the resolution in relation to a
supply of means to defray the expenses of a Delegate, on his mission to
the Mexican Congress, and devise ways by which the same may be raised,
have had the subject matter under consideration, and have unanimously
agreed, that the sum of $2000 will be necessary: and propose to the Con-
vention, that said sum be raised by subscription from the people.
That one person be appointed from each Precinct, whose duty it shall
be to obtain subscriptions, and when obtained to forward them to Walter
C. White, Esq. whom we propose to be appointed Treasurer-General,
whose duty it will be to obtain subscriptions at San Eelipe de Austin, and
also to receive such sums as may be forwarded to him by said Precinct
Treasurers, and pay the same over to Wm. H. Wharton, Esq. or order,
when called on. The committee would further recommend, that the
delegates from each precinct nominate to the President of this Conven-
tion, a suitable person to obtain said subscriptions, and that the President
issue his letter of appointment accordingly. The committee would fur-
ther recommend, that the Precinct Treasurers be instructed to make re-
turn of what money they have ,collected, on or before the first day of De-
cember next; and also continue a monthly return, until they are in-
formed by the Treasurer-General the required sum of $2000 is collected.
All of which is respectfully submitted.
(Signed)	S. HOIT, Chairman.
On motion of Mr. McFarland, it was ordered, that the following be
added as an amendment to the report of the committee, to whom was
referred the subject of reporting some uniform mode of organizing the
' militia of Texas:
Resolved, that an election of company and regimental officers be held
on the first Saturday in November next.
On motion of Mr.Bruf, it was resolved, that the Secretary be directed
to make out a fair statement of the proceedings of this Convention, and
transmit them to the printing office in Brazoria for publication, and the
Ayuntamiento pay the expence.
"Mr. Harison, chairman of the committee on the appointment of a
Surveyor-General, made the following report, which was received by the
Convention:
The committee to whom was referred the subject of petitioning the
Government to create a Surveyor-General for Texas, and to recommend
E. W. Johnson for that station, beg leave to report, that as the subject is
of great importance, and accompanied with much detail, in setting forth
the proper fees of compensation for surveying, and the various duties of
said office, they, therefore, ask that the discharge of the duties of this
committee be postponed until after the adjournment of the. Convention;
and that they then have the power to draw up a suitable petition to Gov-
ernment, and also, draft a law calculated to effect the object desired, in
time to forward by our Representative to Congress.
(Signed)	J- HARISON, Chairman.
( 502)