98
Laws of Colonization.
than that to which individual merit, or services rendered to the country,
may justify, or, where in other cases a parity exists, residence in the
part to which the lands appertain.
Art. 10.—Those military men who, agreeably to he offer of the 21th
March, 1821, have a right to lands, shall be recompensed on presenting
the documents with which the Supreme Executive Power shall for that
purpose provide them.
Art. 11.—If, according to decrees for paying off the principal accord-
ing to a calculation of the probability. of the length of life of the in-
cumbent, the Supreme Executive Power should think proper to alienate
any portions of land in favour of any public servants of the federation,
military or civil, it is impowered so to do, with the government lands
of the territories of the Republic.
ART. 12.—In the possession of no individual shall be allowed to be
united, as his own property, more than one square league of 5000 yards
of’lands fit for irrigation, 4 of arable land not irrigated, and 6 of pasture
land.
Art. 13.—The new settlers are not permitted to transfer their prop-
erty to religious communities..
' Art. 14.—This law guarantees the contracts which speculators may
make with those families which they may convey at their own expense,
provided they are not contrary to the laws.
Art. 15.—No one who in virtue of this law obtains possession of
lands, can hold them if settled out of the territory of the Republic.
Art. 16.—The government agreeably to the principles established in
this law shall proceed to colonise the territories of the Republic.
The Supreme Executive Power is hereby made acquainted with this
law, and will take the requisite measures for its fulfilment, directing that
it be printed, published, and circulated.—Mexico, 18th Aug. 1824.
(Signed)
To Dox Lucas ALAMAN,
C. IBARRA,
President, Etc., Etc., Etc.
PEDRO DE AHUMADA,'
MANUEL DE VILLA Y CRIO,
Deputies Secretaries.
(Signed)
(Signed)
Directed to be published by the Executive
PoWER, in Mexico, 18th Aug. 1824.
N. BRAVO,
President, Etc., Etc., Etc.
VICTE. GUERRERO.
MIG—. DOMINGUEZ.
And published on the same day.
ALAMAN.
(98)