The Declaration of Independence.
5
It incarcerated in a dungeon, for a long time, one of our citi-
zens, for no other cause but a zealous endeavour to procure the
acceptance of our constitution, and the establishment of a state
government.
It has failed and refused to secure, on a firm basis, the right of
trial by jury, that palladium of civil liberty, and only sale guar-
antee for the life, liberty, and property of the citizen.
It has failed to establish any public system of education, al-
though possessed of almost boundless resources, (the public do-
main,) and although it is an axiom in political science, that unless
a people are educated and enlightened, it is idle to expect the con-
tinuance of civil liberty, or the capacity for self government.
It. has suffered the military commandants, stationed among us,
to exercise arbitrary acts of oppression and tyranny, thus trampling
upon the most sacred rights of the citizen, and rendering the mili-
tary superior to the civil power.
It has dissolved, by force of arms, the state congress of Coahuila
and Texas, and obliged our representatives to fly for their lives
from the seat of government, thus depriving us of the fundamental
political right of representation.
It has demanded the surrender of a number of our citizens, and
ordered military detachments to seize and carry them into the in-
terior for trial, in contempt of the civil authorities, and in defiance
of the laws and the constitution.
It has made piratical attacks upon our commerce, by commission-
ing foreign desperadoes, and authorizing them to seize our vessels,
and. convey the property of our citizens to far distant parts for con-
fiscation.
It denies us the right of worshiping the Almighty according to
the dictates of our own conscience, by the support of a national
religion, calculated to promote the temporal interest of its human
functionaries, rather than the glory of the true and living God.
It has demanded us to deliver up our arms, which are essential
to our defence—the rightful property of freemen—and formidable
only to tyrannical governments.
It has invaded our country both by sea and by land, with the in-
tent to lay waste our territory, and drive us from our homes; and
has now a large mercenary army advancing, to carry on against us
a war of extermination.
It has, through its emissaries, incited the merciless savage, with
the tomahawk and scalping knife, to massacre the inhabitants of
our defenceless frontiers.
( 1065 )