6
The Declaration of Independence.
It has been, during the whole time of our connection with it,
the contemptible sport and victim of successive military revolu-
tions, and hath continually exhibited every characteristic of a weak,
corrupt, and tryannical government.
These, and other grievances, were patiently borne by the people
of Texas, until they reached that point at which forbearance ceases
to be a virtue: We then took up arms in defence of the national
constitution. We appealed to our Mexican brethren for assistance:
our appeal has been made in vain; though months have elapsed, no
sympathetic response has yet been heard from the interior. We
are, therefore, forced to the melancholy conclusion, that the Mexi-
can people have acquiesced in the destruction of their liberty, and
the substitution therefor of a military government; that they are
unfit to be free, and incapable of self government.
The necessity of self-preservation, therefore, now decrees our
eternal political separation.
We, therefore, the delegates, with plenary powers, of the people
of Texas, in solemn convention assembled, appealing to a candid
world for the necessities of our condition, do hereby resolve and de-
clare, that our political connection with the Mexican nation has
forever ended, and that the people of Texas do now constitute a
free, sovereign, and independent republic, and are fully invested
with all the rights and attributes which properly belong to inde-
pendent nations; and, conscious of the rectitude of our intentions,
we fearlessly and confidently commit the issue to the supreme
Arbiter of the destinies of nations.
In witness whereof we have hereunto subscribed our names.
RICHARD ELLIS,
President and Delegate from Red River.
ALBERT H. S. Kimble, Secretary.
C. B. Stewart,
James Collinsworth,
Edwin Waller,
A. Brigham,
John S. D. Byrom,
Francis Ruis,
J. Antonio Navarro,
William D. Lacy,
William Menifee,
John Fisher,
Matthew Caldwell,
John S. Roberts,
Robert Hamilton,
Collin McKinney,
A. H. Latimore,
James Power,
Sam. Houston,
Edward Conrad,
Martin Palmer,
James Gaines,
William Clark, jun.,
Sydney 0. Pennington,
( 1066 )