JOURNALS.
Council Hall, December 35, 1835.
Resolved, That this revised Journal of the Proceedings of the Conven-
tion, be handed over to the printer for pubheation.
Agreeably to a resolution of the Convention, Mr. Mitehell was ap-
pointed to superintend the printing of the journal.
Passed at San Felipe de Austin, Dec. 25, 1835.
JAMES W. ROBINSON,
Lieutenant Governor, ex officio President of the General Council.
COLUMBIA MEETING.
At an adjourned meeting of the citizens of Columbia, held in the town
of Columbia, on Saturday the fifteenth day of August, Wm. H. Wharton,
Esq. was called to the chair, and Wm. T. Austin appointed secretary,
when the following resolutions were adopted.
Resolved, That a consultation of all Texas, through her representatives,
is indispensable.
Resolved, That a committee composed of fifteen persons, to be called a
Committee of Safety and Correspondence for the jurisdiction of Columbia,
be elected, and that they be instructed to prepare an address to all the
jurisdictions of Texas, requesting them to co-operate with us in the call
of a consultation of all Texas.
Resolved, That the committee communicate with all Texas in the most
prompt manner, by sending confidential agents to each jurisdiction, and
that said committee keep the people constantly advised of all political
intelligence of general interest, and that they continue to act until dis-
placed by the people or the consultation.
Resolved, That we hold ourselves bound to pay our proportion of all
expenses incurred by said committee, in sending expresses, printing, &c.
Resolved, That we invest the committee of safety and correspondence
as our agents, with full power to represent the jurisdiction of Columbia,
to use the most efficient means to call a consultation, and to use all means
in their power to secure peace, and watch over our rights.
Resolved, That we will not give up any individual to the military
authorities.
In compliance with the second resolution, the following gentle-
men were elected a committee of safety and correspondence: John A.
Wharton, W. D. C. Hall, Henry Smith, Silas Dinsmore, James F. Perry,
John G. M’Neel, Robert H. Williams, Wm. H. Jack, F. A. Bingham,
John Hodge, Wade H. Bynum, B. T. Archer, Wm. F. Austin, P. Ber-
trand, and Isaac T. Tinsley.
( 507 )