Journals of the Consultation.
5
From the Municipality of Austin:
Wyly Martin, Thomas Barnett.
On motion of Mr. D. Parker, the chairman was requested to com-
municate to the house such letters and documents as have been received
from the army; whereupon,
The chairman read to the house all such letters and documents as
were in his possession.
On motion of Mr. Martin, the house adjourned until to-morrow morn-
ing.
October 17, 1835.
The house met pursuant to adjournment, and proceeded to business.
On motion of Mr. D. Parker, seconded by Mr. John A. Wharton, the
following preamble and resolutions were unanimously adopted.
Whereas, there is not a sufficient number of members present to form
a quorum of the consultation, owing to the members being absent in the
army; therefore,
Resolved, That the members present adjourn until the first day of next
month, or as soon as a quorum can meet at this place, so as to afford an
opportunity to those who may desire it to join the army in the defence
of their country.
Resolved, That those who cannot join the army may remain here, with
the permission to unite with the Council of Texas, and to have access
to all the intelligence in possession of the Council relative to the present
crisis.
Resolved, That they he requested to transmit all the information of
importance to the several municipalities by which they have been dele-
gated, and whatever else which of right they ought to do. Whereupon,,
the Consultation adjourned.
E. E. ROYAL, Chairman.
SAM’L Whiting, Secretary.
San Filipe de Austin, Nov. 1st, 1835.
The General Consultation met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Eoyal, the chairman, called the house to order.
The roll having been called, the following members appeared and took:
their seats:
From the municipality of Bevil—John Bevil, S. H. Everitt, Wyatt
Hanks.
From the municipality of San Augustine—William N. Sigler, A. Hous-
ton, A. E. C. Johnson.
From the municipality of Nacogdoches—Sam Houston, James W. Rob-
inson, Dan’l Parker.
From the municipality of Columbia—John A. Wharton, J. S. D. By-
rom, Edwin Waller.
From the municipality of Austin—Wiley Martin, Randall Jones,
Thomas Barnett.
From the municipality of Liberty—Henry Millard, Claiborne West.
(509)