6
Journals of the Consultation.
From the municipality of Harrisburg-—Lorenzo De Zavala, M. W.
Smith, Wm. P. Harris, John W. Moore.
From the municipality of Matagorda—R. R. Royall, Cha’s Wilson.
From the municipality of Mina—D. C. Barrett, R. M. Williamson.
On motion, the house adjourned to ten o’clock to-morrow morning.
NOvEMBER 2nd, 1835, 10 o’clock, A. M.
The house met pursuant to adjournment. Several additional members
appeared and took their seats.
A quorum not being present, the house adjourned to nine o’clock to-
morrow morning.
NOvEMBER 3rd, 1835, 9 o’clock, A. M.
The house met pursuant to adjournment. There being a quorum pres-
ent,
On motion of Mr. S. Houston, the house proceeded to an election of
president and other officers.
Whereupon, B. T. Archer was elected president, and P. B. Dexter,
secretary.
Mr. Archer, on taking the chair, delivered the following address:
Gentlemen—I return you my thanks for the honor you have conferred
on me. The duties which devolve on the members of this body are ardu-
ous and highly important; in fact, the destinies of Texas are placed in
your hands; and I hope that you are now assembled, in every way pre-
pared to discharge those duties in a manner creditable to yourselves and
beneficial to your country. I call upon each and all of you to divest your-
selves of all party feelings, to discard every selfish motive, and look alone
to the true interest of your country. In the words of the Hebrew pro-
phet, I would say, “Put off your shoes, for the ground upon which you
stand is holy.” The rights and .liberties of thousands of freemen are in
your hands, and millions yet unborn may be affected by your decisions.
The first measure that will be brought before the house, will be a de-
claration in which we will set forth to the world the causes which have
impelled us to take up arms, and the objects for which we fight.
Secondly. I will suggest for your consideration the propriety of es-
tablishing a provisional government, the election of a governor, lieuten-
ant governor and council; and I would recommend that these officers
be clothed with both legislative and executive powers. This measure I
conceive absolutely necessary to prevent Texas from falling into the
labyrinth of anarchy.
Thirdly. The organization of the military requires your immediate
attention. You have an army in the field whose achievements have al-
ready shed lustre upon our arms, they have not the provisions and com-
forts necessary to continue their services in the field; give them char-
acter or their victories, though they are achieved not without danger and
glory, will, nevertheless, be unproductive of good; sustain and support
them and they will do honor to you, and render incalculable services to
their country; but neglect them, Texas is lost. The adoption of a code
of military laws is indispensable; without discipline and order in the
ranks, your armies will be mobs, more dangerous to themselves than to
their adversaries, and liable at all times to be routed and cut to pieces
by a handful of regulars. I know the men that are now in the field; there
(510)