Journals of the Consultation.
7
never were better materials for soldiers; but without discipline they can
achieve nothing. Establish military laws, and like the dragon’s teeth
sown by Cadmus, they will produce armed men. It will be necessary
to procure funds in order to establish the contemplated government, and
to.carry on the war in which we are now engaged; it will, therefore, be our
duty to elect agents to procure those funds. I have too high an opinion
of the plain practical sense of the members of this body, to think for a
moment, that they will elect any but some of our most influential citizens
to this important post. Without funds, however heroically your armies
may fight, however wisely your councils may legislate, they will erect
but a baseless fabric that will fall of its own weight.
There are several warlike and powerful tribes of Indians, that claim
certain portions of our lands. Locations have been made within the
limits they claim, which has created great dissatisfaction amongst them;
some of the chiefs of those tribes are expected here in a few days; and I
deem it expedient to make some equitable arrangement of the matter
that will prove satisfactory to them.
Permit me to call your attention to another subject. Some of our
brethren of the United States of the north, hearing of our difficulties,
have generously come to our aid, many more ere long will be with us;
services such as they will render, should never be forgotten. It will be
proper for this convention to secure to them the rights and privileges of
citizens, to secure to them their land “in head rights,” and place them
on the same footing with those of our citizens who have not yet obtained
from government their lands; and in all other respects to place them
on an equal footing with our most favored citizens. Again, the path
to promotion must be open, they must know that deeds of chivalry and
heroism will meet their rewards, and that you will throw no obstruction
in their pathway to fame.
Some fraudulent sales or grants of land, by the late government of
Coahuila and Texas, will require your attention. The establishment of
mails, and an express department, is deemed necessary to promote the
interest of the country; besides other minor matters that have escaped
my observation in this cursory review.
Finally, Gentlemen and friends, let me call your attention from these
details to the high position which you now occupy; let me remind
you that the eyes of the world are upon you; that battling as we are
against the despotism of a military chieftain, all true republicans, all
friends to the liberties of man, are anxious spectators of the conflict, or
deeply interested in the cause. Let us give evidence that we are the
true descendants of that band of heroes, who sustained an eight years’
war against tyranny and oppression and gave liberty to a new world.
Let our achievements be such that our mother country, when she reads
the bright page that records them, shall proudly and joyfully exclaim,
these are my sons! their heroic deeds mark them as such.
Again, gentlemen, let me admonish you that “the ground on which
you stand is holy,’’that your decisions will affect the rights and liberties
■of thousands of freemen, and destinies of millions yet unborn, and per-
haps the cause of liberty itself. I do not view the cause in which we
are engaged, as that of freemen fighting alone against military despotism;
I do not view it as Texas battling alone for her rights and her liberties;
I view it in a more nobler, more exalted light, I view it as the great
(511)