Journals of the Consultation.
9
are on the way, or repairing to headquarters; and as connected with this
subject, we will also inform you that supplies of sugar, coffee, bacon,
blankets, shoes, tent clothes, &c., have been forwarded from Columbia,
Brazoria and Matagorda. But as winter is approaching, high water and
bad roads may be expected, we, therefore, recommend that a. large quan-
tity be forwarded to head quarters or some convenient point.
We have reasons to believe that one eighteen pounder, and a twelve
pounder of artillery are on the way, with a fair proportion of powder
and ball.
We have authorised the raising of twenty-five volunteer rangers, to
range between Colorado and Brazos, on the frontier settlements; twenty-
five between Brazos and Trinity rivers, and thirty-five east of the Trinity
river; promising each volunteer one dollar and twenty-five cents per day.
The council has made provisions for the collection of the public dues;
on file marked G. This it will be necessary to take up and revise.
The council has ordered to be carried into effect, by subscription under
certain regulations, a mail route from San Felipe de Austin to Canton-
ment Jessup, in the United States, to head quarters of the army or to
Bexar and to Velasco. This subject should, at a suitable time, be taken
up, and branch routes be ordered. These resolutions are on file marked
H; and to carry the project into effect, the council appointed John Rice
Jones, post master general.
On the twenty-sixth of October the council drafted an address to the
people of the United States of the north, which was forwarded to the
editors at Natchitoches for publication, and will be found on file mark-
ed M.
On the twenty-seventh the council passed a resolution, requiring the
suspension of the proceedings of the various land offices, for reasons
therein stated, which will be found on file marked N, copies of which,
have been ordered to be served on all the land commissioners.
We authorised a contract for a loan of one hundred thousand dollars
of the citizens of New Orleans, and appointed T. F. McKinney an agent
to repair to New Orleans, and to carry it into effect, under instructions
on file marked 0.
On the thirty-first, the council received a number of letters from
Thomas F. McKinney, and other gentlemen of the lower country, urging
the necessity of the council granting letters to certain persons therein
named, to cruise for Mexican armed vessels; which was granted and com-
missions issued, and a copy on file marked P, and accompanied with in-
structions marked G.
Our finances arising from the receipts of dues for lands, as will
appear on file in Mr. Gail Borden’s report, marked F, which were in his
hands, is fifty-eight dollars and thirty cents; this money has been ex-
hausted, and an advance by the president of the council of thirty-six dol-
lars. There were also several hundred dollars in the hands of Mr. Money,
the alcalde of the Municipality of Austin; upon this money several ad-
vances have been made by Mr. Cochran, and probably will nearly cover
the amount of the money in the alcalde’s hands; as such, you may consider
that at this moment, the council is out of funds.
Two Mexican officers, prisoners of war, are now on parole of honor,
having the privilege of the town of San Felipe; it will be necessary that
33 —vol. 1.
(513)