Journals of the Consultation.
11
Whereupon, Messrs. Barrett, Everitt, and Roberston were appointed
that committee?
On motion of Mr. Harris, it was
Resolved, That a committee of five be appointed to draft rules and
regulations for the government of the general consultation of all Texas,
in convention assembled, during its deliberations; and in pursuance of
the above resolution, the president nominated the following members as
composing said committee: Messrs, Harris, Barrett, Martin, Barnett, and
Wharton.
On motion the house adjourned until nine o’clock to-morrow morning.
San Felipe. de AUSTIN, nine o’clock, a. M., )
November 4, 1835.	■, 5
The house met, pursuant to adjournment. The proceedings of yester-
day being read, the house proceeded to business.
On motion of Mr. J. A. Wharton, one thousand copies of the proceed-
ings of yesterday, with the address of the president on his being con-
ducted to the chair, were ordered to be printed.
Mr. Harris, from the committee appointed to draft rules and regula-
tions for the government of the consultation .during its deliberations, re-
ported the following, which were adopted.
To the honorable, the general consultation of all Texas, in convention
assembled.
Your committee, to whom was committed the duty of drafting rules
for the government of this body, make report of the following rules and
regulations for your consideration; as follows:
RULE 1.
The president shall take the chair after every adjournment, precisely
■at the hour to which the house has adjourned; at which time the mem-
bers shall all be in their places.
RULE II.
The president shall cause the journals of the preceding day to be read
•every morning on the meeting of the convention.
RULE III.
The president shall preserve decorum and order, may speak to points
of order, and shall decide all questions of order, subject to an appeal to
the house by any two members; on which appeal, no member shall speak
more than once, unless by leave of the house.
Questions shall be distinctly put by the president, affirmatively and
negatively, to the house, and if he doubt, or a division be called for, the
house shall divide; those in the affirmative of the question shall first
rise from their seats, and afterwards the negative. If a count be re-
quired, the president shall name two members, one from each side to
perform that duty, and report the same to the president, who shall state
the same to the house.
(515)