Journals of the Consultation.
15
twelve; which was objected to, for the reason that one member only from
each jurisdiction constituted that committee. ■
. Mr. Eobinson addressed the house at length in favor of a declaration
of independence, but gave way for a motion from Mr. Everitt to adjourn,
which was agreed to, and the house adjourned until two o’clock, P. M.
TWO o’clock, p. M.
The house met pursuant to adjournment.
The following gentlement appeared and took their seats: from the
jurisdiction of Washington, Jesse Grimes; from Miesca, A. G. Perry,
J. G. W. Pierson and Alexander Thompson; from Nacogdoches, William
Whitaker, and from San Augustine, Henry Augustin.
Mr. Everitt on leave from the house offered the following: •
Resolved, That Lieutenant Colonel Sandoval, who is now in this town,
a prisoner of war, be discharged on his parole of honor. Ordered to lie
on the table one day.
Mr. S. Houston offered a resolution instructing the committee of
twelve to draw a declaration in favor of the constitution of 1824, which
was opposed by Mr. Wharton, and was withdrawn by the mover.
Mr. Eobinson closed his remarks on Mr. Wharton’s resolution.
Mr. Wood addressed the house in favor of a declaration under the
constitution of 1824.
On a call from the house the president left the chair, and being re-
quested, he gave his opinions in relation to the character of the declara-
tion which should be adopted as a foundation for a provisional govern-
ment. After which, on motion of Mr. S. Houston, the house adjourned
to half past eight o’clock to-morrow morning.
San Felipe de Austin, Nov. 6th, 1835. )
HALF PAST EIGHT O’CLOCK, A. M. }
The house met pursuant to adjournment, the proceedings of yesterday
being read.
The house took up the resolution offered yesterday by Mr. Everett,
asking for the release of Lieutenant Colonel Sandoval on his parole of
honor.
Mr. Wharton opposed the object of the resolution, which after some
discussion, and the yeas and nays being demanded, was decided as fol-
lows, viz: Yeas, Messrs. Everitt, Zavala, 2; Nays, Messrs. Allen, Augus-
tin, Barrett, Barnett, Burnham, Bevil, Byrom, Collard, Clements, Coe,
Davis, Dyer, Fisher, Fuqua, Grimes, Harris, A. Houston, Hodges, Hanks,
Horton, Fiardin, Jones, Kellogg, Lester, Mitchell, Moore, Miller, Meni-
fee, Millard, Panner, Pierson, D. Parker, Perry, Eobinson, Royall,
son, Whitaker, Williamson, 45. Therefore the resolution was rejected.
Mr. Williamson asked leave to read his resolutions proposing a plan on
which to found a provisional government; which was not granted; but the
resolutions were referred to the committee of twelve.
Mr. Wharton asked leave of the house to offer some further remarks
on his report, which, on a division being called for, was granted by the
casting vote of the president.
Mr. Eoyal asked and obtained leave to read from Mattel in reply to Mr.
Wharton.
(519)