18
Journals of the Consultation.
The report being read, Mr. Wharton moved that it be submitted to the
house, section by section.
The first section being read,
Mr. Parker moved that the word “republican” be inserted before prin-
ciples, so as to read “republican principles;” which amendment was con-
curred in by the house.
The several sections of the report having been separately submitted,
they were unanimously adopted, as follows:
"DECLARATION OF THE PEOPLE OE TEXAS IN GENERAL
CONVENTION ASSEMBLED.”
Whereas, General Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna, and other military
chieftains, have, by force of arms, overthrown the federal institutions of
Mexico, and dissolved the social compact which existed between Texas
and the other members of the Mexican confederacy; now the good people
of Texas, availing themselves of their natural rights,
SOLEMNLY D ECLAR E,
1st. That they have taken up arms in defence of their rights and
liberties, which were threatened by the encroachments of military despots,,
and in defence of the republican principles of the federal constitu-
tion of Mexico, of eighteen and twenty-four.
3d. That Texas is no longer morally or civilly bound by the compact
of union; yet, stimulated by the generosity and sympathy common to a
free people, they offer their support and assistance to such of the mem-
bers of the Mexican confederacy as will take up arms against military des-
potism.
3d. That they do not acknowledge that the present authorities of the
nominal Mexican republic have the right to govern within the limits of
Texas.
4th. That they will not cease to carry on war against the said authori-
ties whilst their troops are within the limits of Texas.
5th. That they hold it to be their right during the disorganization of
the federal system, and the reign of despotism, to withdraw from the
union, to establish an independent government, or to adopt such meas-
ures as they may deem best calculated to protect their rights and lib-
erties, but that they will continue faithful to the Mexican government so
long as that mation is governed by the constitution and laws that were
formed for the government of the political association.
6th. That Texas is responsible for the expense of her armies now in
the field.
7th. That the public faith of Texas is pledged for the payment of any
debts contracted by her agents.
8th. That she will reward, by donations in lands, all who volunteer
their services in her present struggle, and receive them as citizens.
These declarations we solemnly avow to the world, and call God to
witness their truth and sincerity, and invoke defeat and disgrace upon
our heads, should we prove guilty of duplicity.
Mr. Mitchell, from the committee appointed in pursuance of a resolu-
( 522 )