Journals of the Consultation.
19
tion offered by him yesterday, reported progress, and asked and obtained
leave to sit again.
Mr. Eoyal moved that five hundred copies of the report from the com-
mittee of twelve be printed.
Mr. Everitt proposed, as an amendment, one thousand be substituted,
for five hundred, which being accepted by the mover, Mr. Eoyal, was
adopted by the house.
Mr. S. Houston moved that each member of this consultation sign the
declaration made by the committee of twelve, (which, on the suggestion
of the President, was laid over till the report be enrolled) as soon as en-
rolled.
Mr. Clements called up his resolution, offered yesterday, which being
read, Mr. Perry proposed an amendment, which was accepted. Mr. Whar-
ton moved its reference to a special committee.
Mr. Perry suggested, that as the permanent council had already acted
on this subject, it might not, perhaps, be necessary.
On the suggestion of Mr. Eoyal, -both the original resolution, as offered
by Mr. Clements, and the amendment proposed by Mr. Perry, were with-
drawn, and the following, embracing both, was offered by Mr. Clements:
Resolved, That a committee of five be appointed to report amendments
to the acts of the council on the subject of rangers on the frontiers, and
to extend the line from the Colorado to the Cibollo river.
Whereupon the following members were appointed that committee:
Messrs. D. Parker, Clements, Lester, Perry and Martin.
The rule of the house being suspended in this case, Mr. Millard sub-
mitted the following:
Resolved, That a committee of twelve, one from each municipality rep-
resented in this consultation, be appointed by the president to draw up
and submit a plan or system of a provisional government for all Texas;
which was adopted.
In pursuance of the above, the president named the following members
to compose that committee: Messrs. Millard, Jones, Wilson, Dyer, Hoxie,
Lester, H. Smith, Arrington, Thompson, Eobinson, Everitt and A. Hous-
ton.
Mr. Millard asked and obtained leave to retire with the committee of
which he was chairman.
On motion of Mr. W. Smith, the house adjourned to two o’clock p. M.
Two o’clock p. M.
The house met pursuant to adjournment.
On motion of Mr. S. Houston, in order to afford to the several com-
mittees time to prepare their reports,
The house adjourned until to-morrow morning 9 o’clock.
San Felipe de- Austin, Nov. 8, 1835. )
Nine ci clock A. M.	§
The house met pursuant to adjournment.
The journals of yesterday were read and corrected.
Col. D. B. Macomb presented his credentials, and took his seat.
Mr. S. Houston moved that the members present sign “the declara-
tion setting forth the causes of our taking up arms,” reported by the
committee, and adopted by the house yesterday, and that such members
( 523 )