Journals of the Consultation.
21
Orleans have so generously extended their munificent hand, in timely aid
of their brethren in Texas, who are now battling under the walls of San
Antonio for constitutional liberty and the rights of man, as did their
forefathers of the north on Bunker’s Hill and on Charlestown plains, and
as your own brave citizens did against a mercenary soldiery, who fought
for “booty and beauty.”
This consultation of the chosen delegates of all Texas in general con-
vention assembled, deeply impressed with a sense of gratitude for the
succor that has been sent, and for the sympathy that has been manifested
for our citizens who are threatened by the military despot of Mexico,
that unless they yield unconditional submission they shall feel the iron
rod of unrelenting oppression, tender their most grateful acknowledge-
ments to the citizens of your city for their kindness and fraternal feel-
ing and interposition, and we trust that no act of ours will ever cause a
blush of shame upon their cheek at the remembrance of the early support.
they gave the cause of free institutions in Texas.
Any who embark in our cause, in the army or navy, shall be liberally
rewarded in land and money, and in the blessings of a grateful and re-
deemed people. We would solicit a continuance of your kind offices, until
we are delivered from the unhallowed grasp of our oppressors, and put in
undisputable possession of our inalienable rights. And we would respect-
fully suggest, that in sending us any supplies of men, money or muni-
tions of war, that you direct them not to land west of the bay of Mata-
gorda, and perhaps the mouth of the Brazos river would be the most ad-
visable point to land whatever support our friends may send, to enable us
to defend the rights guaranteed by the constitution of 1824.
The address of the president' of the convention, on taking the chair,
which is herewith transmitted, will give you and through you, the citi-
zens of Louisiana, a succinct view of the objects for which this body has
assembled.
Signed by order of the consultation of the chosen delegates of all Tex-
as, in general convention assembled.
The committee to whom was referred the letter of Mr. A. C. Allen, con-
taining proposals to arm, man and fit out a vessel mounting nine guns,
and fifty stand of small arms, with fifty volunteers on board and four
months provisions, to cruise off our coast as a privateer; have had the
same under consideration, and beg leave to
Report, That they view the protection and defence of our seaboard of
the greatest importance in the present crisis; they would, therefore, re-
spectfully recommend the adoption of the following resolutions:
Be it resolved By the consultation of the chosen delegates of all Texas
in general convention assembled, That the proposal of Mr. A. C. Allen,
to cruise off our coast, with such vessel as he may think proper to arm and
man as a privateer be accepted by this convention, and that all the au-
thority vested in this body be given and granted unto the said Allen
to cruise as aforesaid.
Be it further resolved, That the president of the convention inform Mr.
Allen of the acceptance of his proposal, and that a suitable commission
will be placed in his hands on his application to the executive.
Be it further resolved, That the thanks of this convention be tendered
to Mr. Allen, for his patriotism and devotion in our struggle for constitu-
( 525 )