24
Journals of the Consultation.
to invite volunteers to come to our aid, with power to report by resolution
or otherwise, which was adopted.
On motion of Mr. Jones,
Resolved, That the volunteers now in service under the command of
general Stephen F. Austin, who continue in service until the reduction of
San Antonio, or until they receive an honorable discharge, shall be enti-
tled to fifteen dollars per month, from the time they left their homes until
they return to them.
Mr. Parmer proposed the substitution of twenty for fifteen, which was
accepted.
Mr. Eoyal offered the following amendment.
"And shall also receive such other donations of land as this govern-
ment shall vote them for their patriotism, and be remunerated for all
losses of private property or money expended in the service of our coun-
try,” which was also accepted.
The resolution, with amendments, by rule of the house was laid on the
table for one day.
On motion of Mr. Williamson, the house adjourned until 2 o’clock,
P. M.
Two o’clock p. M.
The house met pursuant to adjournment.
On motion of Mr. J. W. Parker,
Resolved, 'That the president be requested to authorize Mr. S. M. Parker
to engage ten rangers in addition to his present number, (twenty-five)
under the regulations adopted by the general council, also to empower
Mr. G. W. Davis to raise twenty rangers, agreeably to the resolutions and
arrangements made by this convention, which was adopted.
Mr. Whitaker moved a reconsideration of the above, which was
agreed to.
Mr. Barrett moved that the original resolution be referred to the com-
mittee which reported on this subject this morning, but which, on the
suggestion of Mr. Martin, he withdrew.
Mr. D. Parker then moved that the President cause to be made out or-
ders in pursuance of the report and resolutions on this subject, received
and adopted by this house this morning, which was concurred in.
The order of the day was then called up, being the consideration of
the report of the committee of twelve, when Mr. Everitt moved its sus-
pension, in order to afford the minority of that committee an opportunity
to read their report.
Whereupon a division being called for, the vote was for suspension,
twenty, and against, twenty-one, so the house proceeded to the considera-
tion of the report of the committe of twelve.
Mr. Henry Smith having read the preamble to the report,
Mr. Barrett moved to strike it out. The question was then put, when
a division was called for, and it was ordered to be stricken out.
Mr. Collard moved that the report be referred to a committee of five,
which was agreed to.
The president wished that the house would elect that committee.
On motion, the rnle in this case was suspended, and the following per-
sons were appointed the committee by the house: Messrs. Barrett, Hanks,
Williamson, D. Parker, and Zavala.
( 528)