Journals of the Consultation.
25
On motion of Mr. S. Houston, the committee were permitted to with-
draw from the service of the house, to prepare and submit their report
as soon as possible.
On motion of Mr. H. Smith, Resolved, that the consultation of the
chosen delegates of all Texas, in general convention assembled, viewing
with the highest sense of gratitude the disinterested, bold, manly pa-
triotic, and energetic measures adopted by our friend, captain E. Hall,
late of New Orleans, for the purpose of aiding Texas in her struggle for
constitutional liberty, therefore,
Be it resolved, That, as a tribute of respect to captain Hall, for his kind
interposition in our behalf, that he is hereby authorized to locate one
league of land on any of the public domain of Texas, not otherwise appro-
priated; and that a copy of these resolutions be furnished to captain E.
Hall, signed by the president and secretary of this body, which resolutions
were unanimously adopted.
Mr. Robinson, from the committee to whom was referred the subject
“of the propriety and expediency of authorizing an agent to purchase
arms, &c.,” made the following report, which was read and adopted.
Your committee to. whom was referred the resolution to enquire into
the expediency of authorizing an agent to purchase arms, ammunition,
&c., and to invite volunteers to come to our aid, with leave to report by
resolution or otherwise, have had the same under consideration, and are
ready to report,
That the safety of our country requires that additional supplies of
cannon, mortars, ammunition, and suitable equipages are indispensably
necessary; and that an agent ought to be immediately appointed for that
purpose, and that they therefore advise the adoption of the following
resolution.
Be it resolved, by the consultation of the chosen delegates of all Texas,
in general convention assembled, that Mr. E. Hall, the agent of the com-
mittee of New Orleans, be, and he is hereby authorized to purchase two
long eighteen pound cannon, with all the necessary equipage, completely
mounted on carriages, suitable for the field service, with two hundred
rounds of powder, and round ball for each cannon; and that he be au-
thorized to purchase one twelve inch howitzer, well mounted, with the
necessary equipage for field service, with two hundred bombshells, suit-
able to the calibre of the same: and that he be authorized to call upon
the committee at New Orleans, for money to pay for the same; and that
he be instructed to return to this country, with the said supplies, with
all possible despatch; and that the president of this convention be re-
quested to cause a copy of the foregoing resolutions to be transmitted to
Mr. Hall.
On motion of Mr. S. Houston, the house adourned until eight o’clock
to-morrow morning.
Sax Felipe de Austin, Eight o’clock, )
November 10, 1835.	5
The house met pursuant to adjournment.
The Journals of yesterday’s proceedings being read,
Mr. Barrett, from the special committee of five, to whom was referred
the report of the committee of twelve, made report.
34—vol. 1.
( 529 )