28
Journals of the Consultation.
The eleventh section was read, amended and adopted.
The twelfth section was read, amended and adopted.
Mr. S. Houston, from the select committee of three, to whom was re-
ferred our relations with the Cherokee Indians and their associate bands,
made report.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, it was received and adopted.
Mr. S. Houston moved its recommitment, that a declaration may be
drawn up, as recommended in the report, to be signed by the members
of this consultation.
Mr. Hanks from the committee to whom was referred the resolution
having for its object an invitation to the settlers on Red River to join in
our declaration of the 7th November, made the following report, which
was read, amended and adopted, as follows, viz:
The committee to whom was referred the matter in regard to a portion
of our settlers on Red River, within the limits of Texas, as also of that
portion of Texas not represented in this convention,
REPORT:
That as the settlement on Red River is remote from the other settle-,
ments in Texas, that they he formed into a separate municipality, and
that they be invited to send delegates to this convention, which is to meet
on the first day of March next, and that they elect immediately, and send
a member to the council of Texas.
And further recommend, that they co-operate with the governor and
council, and that they forthwith raise and .send into the field, in defence
of their rights, a reasonable proportion of men. And that the people in
the department of Bexar, and all other parts of Texas, not represented
in this body, be invited forthwith to send delegates to the council, and
also to- the convention, to sit on the first day of March next. And that
all parts of Texas that have not raised troops, and sent them to the aid
of their countrymen, that they be immediately requested to do so.
On motion of Mr. Parmer.
IResolved, That the district of Tenehaw be set off into a municipality,
and that the town of Nashville be their seat of justice.
Resolved, That there be an ayuntimiento elected immediately after the
passage of this resolution : and that Messrs. Jonathan Tucker and Jonas
Harris be appointed to hold their elections.
Which resolutions were adopted.
The resolution offered by Mr. Jones, on the ninth instant, was then
called up, together with the amendments which had been accepted, and
was adopted.
Mr. Barrett submitted the following:
Whereas, the publishers of the “Telegraph and Texas Register” repre-
sent that they have not exceeding three hundred subscribers; which, ad-
mitting all to be responsible, would not amount to thirty dollars per
week; that from a suspension of business their subscription list amounts
to little; that for the intelligence of the army, and the information of
what is doing in Texas, they have sent a considerable number to the prin-
cipal cities of the United States: therefore
Resolved, That, for the purposes above mentioned, the convention au-
thorize the said publishers to continue to forward fifty numbers to the
( 532 )