Journals of the Consultation.
29
army, and the same number to the principal cities in the United States,
and to furnish each member with a paper during the session of this body;
and that the expenses of the same be paid by the public, at subscription
prices.
Ordered to lie on the table one day.
The house, on motion of M. W. Smith, adjourned to nine o’clock to-
morrow morning.
San Felipe de AUSTIN, 12th Nov. 1835. 1
Nine o’clock A. M. 5
The house met pursuant to adjournment.
The journals of proceedings of yesterday were read.
The resolution offered yesterday, by Mr. Barrett, respecting the sub-
scription to the Telegraph and Texas Register, was called up, and, on
motion of Mr. Wharton, was laid on the table until to-morrow.
The president communicated to the house certain propositions from
M. B. Lamar, of Columbus, Georgia; which were laid on the table.
Mr. Wharton asked and obtained leave to read to the house a letter
addressed to the president of the consultation; which was laid on the
table.
Mr. Macomb offered the following:
Resolved, That the major general of the army, under the direction of
the governor and council, be required to put in a state of immediate
defence, against the incursions of the enemy, the posts of Galveston Bay,
Velasco, and Matagorda Bay.
Which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. Perry proposed a substitute for that clause of the fourteenth sec-
tion relating to land offices in the plan for a provisional government.
Which was laid on the table until two o’clock p. M.
On motion of Mr. Everitt, the house went into an election for officers
for the provisional government.
The rule, in this case, being suspended,
Mr. Martin nominated for governor, S. F. Austin.
Mr. Parmer nominated for governor, Henry Smith.
Mr. Everitt nominated for lieutenant governor, J. W. Robinson.
When there appeared for Henry Smith, for governor, 31
For S. F. Austin,
((
For J. W. Robinson, lieut. do.
22
52
Whereupon Mr. Henry Smith was declared duly elected governor, and
J. W. Robinson, lieutenant governor.
Mr. S. Houston asked and obtained leave to read .a letter from an
officer in the army.
On motion of Mr. Wharton, the house adjourned for fifteen minutes.
The house again met at the expiration of the time for which it ad-
journed.
When, on motion of Mr. Everitt, they went into an election for major
general.
The rule, in this case, being suspended,
On motion of M. W. Smith, S. Houston was elected major general of
the armies of Texas.
Whereupon, General Houston, in an eloquent address, thanked the
( 533 )