Journals of the Consultation.
31
amendment offered by Mr. Barrett, “That the archives of the different
municipal officers and judges be handed over to their several successors,
and that the papers and archives of the political chiefs of the depart-
ments of Brazos and Nacogdoches, be forthwith transmitted to the gov-
ernor and council for their disposal; was, on motion of Mr. S. Houston,
adopted.
Mr. M. W. Smith offered a resolution, having for its object a modifica-
tion of the fourteenth section, as far as that section relates to land of-
fices, as follows, which was rejected:
The ayuntamiento’s of jurisdictions wherein there may be land offices
established, shall take charge of the papers of the same, and the same
safely keep, during the effect of what is heretofore provided, and report
thereon to the governor and council.
On motion of Mr. Waller; whereas, the late jurisdiction of Brazoria
was changed in name, to that of Columbia, and the seat of justice removed
to the town of Columbia, by the congress of Coahuila and Texas, contrary
to the wishes, inclinations and interests of a large majority of the citizens
of that jurisdiction; therefore,
Be it resolved, That the name of the said jurisdiction be changed, and
hereafter called and known by its former name, and the seat of justice es-
tablished in the town of Brazoria. Which resolution was adopted.
On motion of Mr. Whitaker, the consultation will refuse, hereafter,
any matter which the governor and council can act upon.
The following persons were appointed commissieners under the four-
teenth section, to take in charge, examine and safely keep the papers and
documents relating to the land offices:
Department of Brazos, Messrs. Mitchell, Wharton, Dyer.
Department of Nacogdoches, Messrs. A. E. C. Johnson, S. H. Everitt,
J. Leplesser.
The house, on motion, adjourned to eight o’clock this evening.
Eight o’clock, evening.
The house met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Barrett, to whom had been referred certain letters, reported pro-
gress, and asked, and had leave to sit again.
On motion of Mr. Waller, Resolved, That an express be forthwith sent
to the army, requesting the members elect, as commissioners to represent
us in the United States of North America, W. H. Wharton and S. F. Aus-
tin, to repair immediately to this place for the purpose of accepting their
commissions. Which was agreed to.
Mr. Hanks was appointed to carry an express to the army.
On motion of Mr. S. Houston, Resolved, by the consultation of the
chosen delegates of all Texas, in general convention assembled, That the
thanks of this body be returned to the army of the people, for their perse-
verance, firmness, patriotism and courage in defending the liberties of
Texas, and in resisting the encroachments of despotism; and that the
president cause a copy of the foregoing resolution to be communicated to
the army.
On motion of Mr. AV. Smith, the house adjourned until eight o’clock
to-morrow morning.
( 535 )