32
Journals of the Consultation.
San Felipe de Austin, Nov. 13th, 1835. )
Eight o’clock, a. M. 5
The house met pursuant to adjournment, the journals of the proceed-
ings of yesterday were read.
Mr. Barrett, from the select committee to whom was referred sundry
papers and letters, made the following report: which was unanimously
adopted.
To the honorable the consultation of all Texas, in general convention
assembled—
The select committee, to whom was referred the several letters from
General Austin, and other officers of the colonial army, near Bexar, and
sundry other communications and documents, connected with our mili-
tary operations; respectfully reports—
That the communications of General Stephen F. Austin, of the fifth
instant, presents several matters interesting and important in our present
attitude of resistance against the destroyers of our constitution, and the
principles of a military despotism. The subjects are first presented for
your consideration, upon which your committee deem it proper to report.
First. The granting letters of marque and reprisal to cruisers upon
the high seas by the “provisional government of Texas.” This conven-
tion, in adopting the declaration of the seventh of November, have or-
ganized this power, and by the provisions of the resolution constituting a
provisional government, have vested this authority in the governor and
general council; consequently these requires no further action upon the
subject by this house during its present session.
The second contemplates an expedition from New Orleans against Mata-
moras. This subject your committee regards as important, and concur
with the views of the commanding general, as to its certain effects of crip-
pling the enemy and distracting his movements. Your committee, how-
ever, from documents now in their possession, have it in their power to
inform this house, that a small force of one hundred and fifty men, com-
manded by General Mexia, armed and equipped at his own expense, has
sailed from New Orleans for the port of Tampico, or Matamoras, and that
a descent from that quarter, from whatever source, in the opinion of your
committee, will produce the consequences of annoying the enemy at one
unexpected point, and prevent reinforcements being sent to Bexar.
Should further operations, hereafter, seem expedient in aiding the enter-
prise of General Mexia, it enters into the duties of the governor and coun-
cil of Texas.
Your committee feel bound to report to this house, the grateful emo-
tions induced by the disinterested off'er of Major Francis F. Belton, of
the United States army, to become the inspector of cannon, arms and
other military stores, to be purchased at New Orleans and Mobile, for the
use of Texas; and recommend that his services be accepted, and a vote
of thanks be passed and recorded upon the journals of this house, and that
a copy thereof be forwarded by the president to Major Belton; at the
same time informing him. of the appointment of Capt. E. Hall, an expe-
rienced officer, who is now engaged in performing the same duties, upon
a similar offer, who will be united with him.
Your committee in reporting the magnanimous and generous patriot-
ism of Stephen F. Austin, J. W. Fannin and B. F. Smith, in their
( 536 )