34
Journals of the Consultation.
On motion of Mr. Mitchell, Robert Peebles was appointed a commis-
sioner under the fourteenth section of the act providing for a. govern-
ment, called the “provisional government,” in the place of Mr. John A.
Wharton.
On motion of Mr. S. Houston, the house took up the ordinances estab-
lishing a provional government for Texas; whereupon, after several
amendments were made, it was, on motion of Mr. Macomb, adopted.
On motion, Messrs. Barrett, Kellogg and Allen, were appointed a com-
mittee of enrollment, and were permitted to retire with the secretary to
enroll the ordinance just adopted by this convention.
On motion, the house adjourned to six o’clock this evening, to obtain
the signatures of the members to the ordinance just past establishing
a provisional government; also to receive and sign the declaration, pre-
pared on a resolution from this house, passed the eleventh instant, re-
specting the “Cherokee Indians and their associate bands.”
Six o’clock, p. M.
The house met pursuant to adjournment.
On motion, the members were called to sign the ordinance “establish-
ing a provisional government” by municipalities.
The following is the ordinance thus signed by every member present:
Convention Hall, San Eelipe de Austin, )
November 13th, 1835.	9
To the honorable the consultation of the chosen delegates of all Texas,
in general convention assembled—
Your committee of three to whom was committed the charge of enroll-
ing the plan and powers of the provisional government of Texas, as finally
adopted by this house, respectfully submit the following for your consid-
eration and adoption:
D. C. BARRETT, Chairman.
A. G. KELLOGG,
S. T. ALLEN.
ARTICLE 1.
That there shall he and there is hereby created, a provisional govern-
ment for Texas; which shall consist of a governor, a lieutenant governor
and a council, to be elected from this body: one member from each mu-
nicipality, by the majority of each separate delegation present, and the
governor and lieutenant governor shall be elected by this body.
ARTICLE II.
The lieutenant governor shall be president of the council, and perform
the duties of governor in case of death, absence or from other inability
of the governor, during which time a president “pro tem.” shall be ap-
pointed, to perform the duties of the lieutenant governor in council.
(538)