Journals of the Consultation.
37
ARTICLE IX.
All commissions to officers shall be in the name of the people "free and
sovereign,” and signed by the governor and secretary: and all pardons
and remissions of fines granted, shall be signed in the same manner.
ARTICLE X.
Every officer and member of the provisional government, before enter-
ing upon the duties of his office, shall take and subscribe the following
oath of office: “I, A. B., do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will support
the republican principles of the constitution of Mexico of 1824, and obey
the declarations and ordinances of “the consultation of the chosen dele-
gates of all Texas in general convention assembled,” and the ordinances
and decrees of the provisional government; and I will faithfully perform
and execute the duties of my office, agreeably to law, to the best of my
abilities, so help me God.”
ARTICLE XI.
On charges and specifications being made against any officer of the
provisional government for malfeasance or misconduct in office, and
presented to the governor and council, a fair and impartial trial shall be
granted, to be conducted before the general council; and if, in the
■opinion of two-thirds of the members, cause sufficient be shown, he shall
be dismissed from office by the governor.
ARTICLE XII.
The governor and council shall organize and enter upon their duties
immediately after the adjournment of this house, and hold their sessions
at such times and places as in their opinion will give the most energy
.and effect to the objects of the people, and to the performance of the
duties assigned to them.
ARTICLE XIII.
The general council shall appoint a treasurer, whose duties shall be
clearly defined by them, and who shall give approved security for his
faithful performance.
ARTICLE XIV.
That all land commissioners, empresarios, surveyors, or persons in any-
wise concerned in the location of lands, be ordered forthwith to cease
their operation during the agitated and unsettled state of the country,
and continue to desist from further locations until the land office can be
properly systematized by the proper authoritiy, which may hereafter be
established; that fit and suitable persons be appointed to take charge of
all the archives belonging to the different land offices, and deposit the
same in safe places, secure from the ravages of fire, or the devastation of
enemies; and that the persons so appointed be fully authorized to carry
(541)