38
Journals of the Consultation.
the same into effect, and be required to take and sign triplicate schedules
of all the books, papers, and documents found in the several land offices,
one of which shall be given to the governor and council, one left in the
hands of the land officer of the land office, the other to be retained by the
said person; and they are enjoined to hold the said papers and docu-
ments in safe custody, subject only to the order of the provisional gov-
ernment, or such competent authority as may be hereafter created; and
the said persons shall be three from each department, as commissioners,
to be forthwith appointed by this house to carry this resolution into full
effect, and report thereof to the government and council, (and that the
said political chiefs immediately cease their functions.) The different
archives of the different primary judges, alcaldes, and other municipal
officers of the various jurisdictions shall be handed over to their success-
ors in office, immediately after their election or appointment; and the
archives of the several political chiefs of the departments of Nacogdoches,
Brazos, and Bexar, shall be transmitted forthwith to the governor and
council for their disposition.
ARTICLE XV.
All persons now in Texas, and performing the duties of citizens, who
have not acquired their quantum of land, shall be entitled to the benefit
of the laws on colonization, under which they emigrated; and all persons
who may emigrate to Texas during her conflict for constitutional liberty,
and perform the duties of citizens, shall also receive the benefits of the
law under which they emigrated.
ARTICLE XVI.
The governor and council shall continue to exist as a provisional gov-
ernment, until the re-assembling of this consultation, or until other
delegates are elected by the people, and another government established.
ARTICLE XVII.
This convention when it may think proper to adjourn, shall stand ad-
journed to meet at the town of Washington, on the first day of March
next, unless sooner called by the executive and council.
ARTICLE XVIII.
AU grants, sales, and conveyances of land, illegally and fraudulently
made by the legislature of the state of Coahuila and Texas, located or to
be located within the limits of Texas, are hereby solemnly declared null,
void, and of no effect.
ARTICLE XIX.
All persons who leave the country in its present crisis, with a view to
avoid a participation in its struggle, without permission from the alcalde
or judge of their municipality, shall forfeit all or any lands they may hold
or may have a claim to, for the benefit of this government; provided,
nevertheless, that widows and minors are not included in this provision.
(542)