Journals of the Consultation.
39
ARTICLE XX.
All monies now due, or that may hereafter become due, on lands lying
within the limits of Texas, and all public funds or revenues, shall be at
the disposal of the governor and general council, and the receipt of the
treasurer shall be a sufficient voucher for any and all persons who may
pay monies into the treasury; and the governor and council shall have
power to adopt a system of revenue to meet the exigencies of the state.
ARTICLE XXI.
Ample power and authority shall be delegated, and are hereby given
and delegated to the governor and general council of the provisional gov-
ernment of all Texas, to carry into full effect the provisions and resolu-
tions adopted by the consultation of the chosen delegates of all Texas,
in general convention assembled, for the creation, establishment, and
regulation of the said provisional government.
OF THE MILITARY.
ARTICLE 1. There shall be a regular army created for the protection
of Texas during the present war.
ART. 2. The regular army of Texas shall consist of one major general,
who shall be commander in chief of all the forces called into public ser-
vice during the war.
Abt. 3. The commander-in-chief of the regular army of Texas shall
be appointed by the convention and commissioned by the governor.
Abt. 4. He shall be subject to the orders of the governor and council.
Abt. 5. His staff shall consist of one adjutant general, one inspector
general, one quartermaster general, one paymaster general, one surgeon
general, and four aids-de-camp, with their respective ranks as in the
United States army, in time of war to be appointed by the major general
and commissioned by the governor.
Abt. 6. The regular army of Texas shall consist of men enlisted for
two years, and volunteers for and during the continuance of the war.
Abt. 7. The regular army of Texas, while in the service, shall be gov-
erned by the rules, regulations and discipline in all respects applicable
to the regular army of the United States of America, in time of war, so
far as is applicable to our condition and circumstances.
Abt. 8. The regular army of Texas shall consist of eleven hundred
and twenty men, rank and file.
Abt. 9. There shall be a corps of rangers under the command of a
major, to consist of one hundred and fifty men, to be divided into three
or more detachments, and which shall compose a battalion under the
commander-in-chief, when in the field.
Abt. 10. The militia of Texas shall be organized as follows: all able
bodied men, over sixteen, and under fifty years of age, shall be subject to
militia duty.
Abt. 11. Every inhabitant of Texas coming within purview of the
preceding article shall, on the third Monday of December next, or as soon
thereafter as practicable, assemble at each precinct of their municipality.
( 543 )