TRANSLATION
OF THE
GENERAL LAW OF COLONIZATION
No. 72. DATED 18th AUGUST, 1824.
The Sovereign General Congress, assembled for .the purpose of fram-
ing the Constitution of the United Mexican States, has decreed as fol-
lows:—
Akt. 1.—The Mexican Nation offers to those foreigners who may be-
desirous of settling in her territory security for their persons and prop-
erty, provided they obey the laws of the country.
Abt. 2.—This law relates to those lands, national property, which, as.
belonging to no individual, corporation or town, may be occupied by
settlers.
Abt. 3.—For this purpose the Congresses of the States shall as.
speedily as possible frame laws or regulations for the colonization of
those lands which appertain to them, conforming in every respect with
the fundamental Constitutional Act, the General Constitution, and the
regulations established by this law,
0
Abt. 4.—No lands lying within 30 leagues of the boundaries with any
foreign nation, nor within 10 leagues of the coast, can be occupied by
settlers, without the previous approbation of the Supreme Executive
Power.
Abt. 5.—If, with a view to the defence or security of the nation, the
government of the federation should think fit to occupy any of the
lands, in order to construct magazines,' arsenals, or other public build-
ings, it is empowered so to do, with the approbation of the general
Congress, and during its recess with that of the Council of Government.
Abt. 6.—Until 4 years from the publication of this law, no impost
shall be levied for the admission of those foreigners who may come for
the first time, in order to settle in the nation.
Abt. 7.—Until the year 1840 the general Congress shall not prohibit
the admission of foreigners to colonize, excepting, indeed, circumstances
should imperiously oblige it so to do, with regard to the individuals of
any nation.
Abt. 8.—The Government, without defeating the purposes of this
law, shall take those measures of precaution which it may deem expe-
dient for the security of the federation, with regard to those foreigners
who may come to colonise.
Abt. 9.—In the distribution of lands a preference is to be given to
Mexican citizens, and be'tween them no other distinction shall be made
7 — VOL. 1.
(97)