Colonization Law of the State of Tamaulipas.
345
Art. 6. Certificates of naturalization and of citizenship shall be grant-
ed to foreign colonists as soon as they obtain that of naturalization from
the general congress.
Art. 7. From the very date whereon a foreigner is thus registered he
acquires domiciliation, and may as such an inhabitant designate (denun-
ciar) the vacant land he thinks best, presenting himself to that effect by
writing to the respective Alcalde, who shall decree what is proper for ex-
amining, measuring and marking out the land designated, after citing the
adjoining proprietors should there be any.
Art. 8. The instructive despatch being terminated, and no opponent
of right resulting, the Alcalde shall pass it to the executive of the state,
by whom the title of adjudication and ownership shall be issued to the
person interested, ordering that the Alcalde of the town of his residence
put him immediately in possession of the land granted. All these pro-
ceedings shall be conducted officially, and the executive shall proceed
with the audience of the fiscal of the supreme court of justice of the
state.
Art. 9. Opposition of right of ownership that is commenced shall go
through the steps of an ordinary civil trial between the designator and
the opponent, the former aided by an agent of the state, whom with the
citation of the fiscal the executive shall appoint. Should the opposition
be for the right of option to the ownership, the executive shall examine
and decide.
Art. 10. The executive shall take care to repeople by this means the
depopulated, and very particularly that the designations and judicial pro-
ceedings that have to be conducted on account of the same, be not par-
alized.
Art. 11. In the same manner he shall take care that no town pro-
jected by foreigners be situated within ten leagues upon the coast of the
Gulf of Mexico within the limits of the state, without previously obtain-
ing the consent and approbation of the supreme executive of the union.
Beyond said line he shall also take care that, so far as the sites permit,
the new towns be established in contact with the present ones, and with
the conditions he stipulates with the empresarios.
Art. 12. Contracts ratified by empresarios with the excutive are guar-
anteed by this law so far as they are in conformity to the provisions
thereof.
Art. 13. In the distribution of lands, in view of their diplomas issued
by the supreme executive power, military men, who, according to these
are entitled to land, shall be preferred. Among citizens not military, no
other distinction shall be made than that which is founded in their pri-
vate merit, and services rendered the country; preferring, in parity of
circumstances, a domiciliation in the place to which the lands belong.
The quantity in which the lands are to be distributed is pointed out in
the following articles.
Art. 14. A square of land measuring a league upon each side, or
what is the same thing, a superficies of twenty-five million square va-
(455 )