348
Colonization Law of the State of Tamaulipas.
all times be effectual, the said appointments hall be made viva voce, and.
notice thereof shall be immediately given to the executive.
AET. 25. The executive shall convoke those born in the republic for
the occupation of vacant lands. who shall be preferred to foreigners in
the order of the older. date of the designations, and, in case of equality,
the natives or inhabitants of the place to which the land designated be-
longs, shall have the first place, those of places within the state the second,,
and those of the other states of this republic the third, and adjudication
may be made up to the amount of one hundred and twenty-five million
square varas,
Abt. 26. Designators of lands, which, in time of the ancient govern-
ment did not perfect their adjudication, shall present themselves to the
respective authority to continue its course according to the state thereof,,
effecting the same within the term of forty days from the date of the pub-
lication of this law, and on the contrary said lands shall be considered
open to designation as vacant.
Art. 27. Designations that have passed to the congress of the state'
shall be returned to the executive, who shall cause them to be carried
through the steps provided by this law.
Art. 28. Proprietors of extensive deserted and uncultivated lands shall
likewise settle them with foreigners or Mexicans within the term of five'
years with the conditions that may suit them, and on the contrary, oppo-
sition to the designations made in conformity to this law shall not be
taken into consideration
Art. 29. The lands might be designated by reason of the foregoing
article shall be valued by competent persons chosen by the executive and
the proprietor, for indemnifying the proprietors, unimpeded by any re-
sistance on the part of the latter.
Art. 30. All land of which the proprietor makes no use for himself
shall be considered as deserted and uncultivated land.
Art. 31. Land acquired by virtue of this law cannot pass into mort-
main; more than two grants cannot be adjudicated to one individual,
and this should the increased number of those he removes demand it of
necessity. For any violation in these cases the state shall recover the
ownership thereof.
Art. 32. The products of rural industry of said .lands, acquired in
conformity to this law, by natives and foreigners, during the term of ten
years, reckoned from the date of possession shall be free from every tax,
direct or indirect, of whatever denomination, unless specially enacted by
congress for said new settlements.
Art. 33. Said new settlers shall be free to promote every kind of in-
dustry, and to undertake the working of mines according to the ordi-
nances on the subject. The machines, tools, or serviceable articles they
introduce for such objects, for the term of ten years shall not paytaxes
imposed by the state, although they be municipal.
(458)