10
Constitution of the Republic of Texas.
Seo. 6. The house of representatives shall choose their speaker
and other officers, and shall have the sole power of impeachment.
Sec. 7. The senators shall be chosen by districts, as nearly equal
in free population (free negroes and Indians excepted,) as prac-
ticable; and the number of senators shall never be less than one
third nor more than one half the number of representatives, and
each district shall be entitled to one member and no more.
Sec. 8. The senators shall be chosen for the term of three years,
on the first Monday in September; shall be citizens of the republic,
reside in the district for which they are respectively chosen at least
one year before the election; and shall have attained the age of
thirty years.
Sec. 9. At the first session of congress after the adoption of this
constitution, the senators shall be divided by lot into three classes,
as nearly equal as practicable; the seats of the senators of the first
class shall be vacated at the end of the first year; of the second
class, at the end of the second year; the third class, at the end of
the third year, in such a manner that one-third shall be chosen each
year thereafter.
Sec. 10. The vice president of the republic shall be president
of the senate, but shall not vote on any question, unless the senate
be equally divided.
Sec. 11. The senate shall choose all other officers of their body,
and a president pro tempore, in the absence of the vice president,
or whenever he shall exercise the office of president; shall have the
sole power to try impeachments, and when sitting as a court of im-
peachment, shall be under oath; but no conviction shall take place
without the concurrence of two thirds of all the members present.
Sec. 12. Judgment in cases of impeachment shall only extend
to removal from office, and disqualification to hold any office of
honor, trust or profit under this government; but the party shall
nevertheless be liable to indictment, trial, Judgment and punish-
ment according to law.
Sec. 13. Each house shall be the judge of the elections, qualifica-
tions and returns of its own members. Two thirds of each house
shall constitute a quorum to do business, but a smaller number may
adjourn from day to day, and may compel the attendance of absent
members.
Sec. 14. Each house may determine the rules of its own
proceedings, punish its members for disorderly behavior, and with
(1070 )