Constitution of the Republic of Texas.
11
the concurrence of two thirds, may expel a member, but not a
second time for the same offence.
Sec. 15. Senators and representatives shall receive a compensa-
tion for their services, to be fixed by law, but no increase of com-
pensation, or diminution, shall take effect during the session at
which such increase or diminution shall have been made. They
shall, except in case of treason, felony, or breach of the peace, be
privileged from arrest during the session of congress, and in going
to and returning from the same; and for any speech or debate in
either house they shall not be questioned in any other place.
Sec. 16. Each house may punish, by imprisonment, during the
session, any person not a member, who shall be guilty of any dis-
respect to the house, by any disorderly conduct in their presence.
Sec. 17. Each house shall keep a journal of its proceedings, and
publish the same, except such parts as in its judgment require
secrecy. When any three members shall desire the yeas and nays
on any question, they shall be entered on the journals.
Sec. 18. Neither house, without the consent of the other, shall
adjourn for more than three days, nor to any other place than that
in which the two houses may be sitting.
Sec. 19. When vacancies happen in either house, the executive
shall issue writs of election to fill such vacancies.
Sec. 20. No bill shall become a law until it shall have been read
on three several days in each house, and passed by the same, unless,
in cases of emergency, two thirds of the members of the house
where the bill originated shall deem it expedient to dispense with
the rule.
Sec. 21. After a bill shall have been rejected, no bill containing
the same substance shall be passed into a law during the same ses-
. sion.
Sec. 22. The style of the laws of the republic shall be, “Be it
enacted by the senate and house of representatives of the republic
of Texas, in congress assembled.”
Sec. 23. No person holding an office of profit under the govern-
ment shall be eligible to a seat in either house of congress, nor
shall any member of either house be eligible to any office which
may created, or the profits of which shall be increased during his
term of service.
Sec. 24. No holder of public monies or collector thereof,
shall be eligible to a seat in either house of congress, until he
( 1071 )