Constitution of the liepublic of Texas.
15
ARTICLE V.
Sec. 1. Ministers of the gospel being, by their profession, dedi-
cated to God and the care of souls, ought not to be diverted from
the great duties of their functions: therefore, no minister of the
gospel or priest of any denomination whatever, shall be eligible to
the office of the executive of the republic, nor to a seat in either
branch of the congress of the same.
Sec. 2. Each member of the senate and house of representatives
shall, before they proceed to business, take an oath to support the
constitution, as follows;
"I, A. B., do solemnly swear [or affirm, as the case may be] that,
as a member of this general congress, I will support the constitution
of the republic, and that I will not propose or assent to any bill,
vote, or resolution, which shall appear to me injurious to the peo-
ple.”
Sec. 3. Every person who shall be chosen or appointed to any
office of trust or profit shall, before entering on the duties thereof,
take an oath to support the constitution of the republic, and also
an oath of office.
ARTICLE VI.
Sec. 1. No person shall be eligible to the office of president
who shall not have attained the age of thirty-five years, shall be
a citizen of the republic at the time of the adoption of this con-
stitution, or an inhabitant of this republic at least three years im-
mediately preceding his election.
Sec. 2. The president shall enter on the duties of his office
on the second Monday in December next succeeding his election,
and shall remain in office until his successor shall be duly qualified.
Sec. 3. The president shall, at stated times, receive a compen-
sation for his services, which shall not be increased or diminished
during his continuance in office; and before entering upon the du-
ties of his office, he shall take and subscribe the following oath or
affirmation: “I, A. B., president of the republic of Texas, do sol-
emnly and sincerely swear (or affirm, as the case may be) that I will
faithfully execute the duties of my office, and to the best of my
abilities preserve, protect, and defend the constitution of the Re-
public.”
Sec. 4. He shall be commander-in-chief of the army and navy
of the republic, and militia thereof, but he shall not command in
person without the authority of a resolution of congress. He shall
have power to remit fines and forfeitures, and to grant reprieves
and pardons, except in cases of impeachment.
(1075 )