16
Constitution of' the Republic of Texas.
Sec. 5. He shall, with the advice and consent of two-thirds of
the senate, make treaties; and with the consent of the senate, ap-
point ministers and consuls, and all officers whose offices are estab-
lished by this constitution, not herein otherwise provided for.
Sec. 6. The president shall have power to fill all vacancies that
may happen during the recess of the senate; but he shall report the
same to the senate within ten days after the next congress shall
convene; and should the senate reject the same, the president shall
not re-nominate the same individual to the same office.
Sec. 7. He shall, from time to time, give congress information
of the state of the republic, and recommend for .their consideration
such measures as he may deem necessary. He may, upon extra-
ordinary occasions, convene both houses, or either of them. In
the event of a disagreement as to the time of adjournment, he may
adjourn them to such time as he may think proper. He shall re-
ceive all foreign ministers. He shall see that the laws be faithfully
executed, and shall commission all the officers of the republic.
Sec. 8. There shall be a seal of the republic, which shall be
kept by the president, and used by him' officially; it shall be called
the great seal of the republic of Texas.
Sec. 9. All grants and commissions shall be in the name, and by
the authority of the republic of Texas, shall be sealed with the
great seal, and signed by the president.
Sec. 10. The president shall have power, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the senate, to appoint a secretary of state and
such other heads of executive departments as may be established by
law, who shall remain in office during the term of service of the
president, unless sooner removed by the president, with the ad-
vice and consent of the senate.
Sec. 11. Every citizen of the republic who has attained the age
of twenty-one years, and shall have resided six months within the
district or county where the election is held, shall be entitled to
vote for members of the general congress.
Sec. 12. All elections shall be by ballot, unless congress shall
otherwise direct.
Sec. 13. All elections by joint vote of both houses of congress
shall be viva voce, shall be entered on the journals, and a majority
of the votes shall be necessary to a choice.
Sec. 14. A vice president shall be chosen at every elec-
tion for president, in the same manner, continue in office for the
( 1076 )