Constitution of the Republic of Texas.
17
same time, and shall possess the same qualifications of the president.
In voting for president and vice president, the electors shall dis-
tinguish for whom they vote as president, and for whom as vice
president.
Sec. 15. In cases of impeachment, removal from office, death,
resignation, or absence of the president from the republic, the vice
president shall exercise the powers and discharge the duties of
the president until a successor be duly qualified, or until the presi-
dent, who may be absent or impeached, shall return or be ac-
quitted.
Sec. 16. The president, vice president, and all civil officers of
the republic, shall be removable from office by impeachment for,
and on convicition of, treason, bribery, and other high crimes and
misdemeanors.
SCHEDULE.
Sec. 1. That no inconvenience may arise from the adoption of
this constitution, it is declared by this convention that all laws now
in force in Texas, and not inconsistent with this constitution, shall
remain in full force until declared void, repealed, altered, or ex-
pire by their own limitation.
SeC. 2. All fines, penalties, forfeitures and escheats, which have
accrued to Coahuila and Texas, or Texas, shall accrue to this re-
public.
Sec. 3. Every male citizen, who is, by this constitution, a citi-
zen, and shall be otherwise qualified, shall be entitled to hold any
office or place of honor, trust, or profit under the republic, anything
in this constitution to the contrary notwithstanding.
Sec. 4. The first president and vice president that shall be ap-
pointed after the adoption of this constitution, shall be chosen by
this convention, and shall immediately enter on the duties of their
offices, and shall hold said offices until their successors be elected
and qualified, as prescribed in this constitution, and shall have the
same qualifications, be invested with the same powers, and perform
the same duties which are required and conferred on the executive
head of the republic by this constitution.
Sec. 5. The president shall issue writs of election directed
to the officers authorized to hold elections of the several coun-
ties, requiring them to cause an election to be held for president,
vice president, representatives, and senators to congress, at the
time and mode prescribed by this constitution, which election
shall be conducted in the manner that elections have been hereto-
fore conducted. The president, vice president, and members
( 1077)