18
Constitution of the Republic of Texas.
of congress, when duly elected, shall continue to discharge the
duties of their respective offices for the time and manner pre-
scribed by this constitution, until their successors be duly qualified.
Sec. 6. Until the first enumeration shall be made, as directed
by this constitution, the precinct of Austin shall be entitled to one
representative; the precinct of Brazoria to two representatives; the
precinct of Bexar two representatives; the precinct of Colorado one
representative; Sabine one; Gonzales one; Goliad one; Harrisburg
one; Jasper one; Jefferson one; Liberty one; Matagorda one; Mina
two; Nacogdoches two; Red River three; Victoria one; San Augus-
tine two; Shelby two; Refugio one; San Patricio one; Washington
two; Milam one; and Jackson one representative.
Sec. 7. Until the first enumeration can be made, as described
by this constitution, the senatorial districts shall be composed of
the following precincts: Bexar shall be entitled to one senator; San
Patricio, Refugio and Goliad one; Brazoria one; Mina and Gonzales
one; Nacogdoches one; Red River one; Shelby and Sabine one;
Washington one; Matagorda, Jackson and Victoria one; Austin and
Colorado one; San Augustine one; Milam one; Jasper and Jefferson
one; and Liberty and Harrisburg one senator.
Sec. 8. All judges, sheriffs, commissioners, and other civil
officers shall remain in office, and in the discharge of the powers
and duties of their respective offices, until there shall be others ap-
pointed or elected under the constitution.
GENERAL PROVISIONS.
Sec. 1. Laws shall be made to exclude from office, from the
right of suffrage, and from serving on juries, those who shall here-
after be convicted of bribery, perjury, or other high crimes and mis-
demeanors.
Sec. 2. Returns of all elections for officers who are to be com-
missioned by the president, shall be made to the secretary of state
of this republic.
Sec. 3. The presidents and heads of departments shall keep
their .offices at the seat of government, unless removed by the per-
mission of congress, or unless in cases of emergency in time of war,
the public interest may require their removal.
Sec. 4. The president shall make use of his private seal until
a seal of the republic shall be provided.
Sec. 5. It shall be the duty of congress, as soon as cir-'
( 1078)