Naturalization Law of the General Congress.
351
the country. Au attested copy of said declaration shall accompany the
documents mentioned in the foregoing article.
Art. 4. He shall present himself with these documents to the governor
of the state, or principal political chief of the federal district or terri-
tories of the confederacy requesting the certificate of naturalization.
Art. 5. The exposition wherewith he requests his certificate of nat-
uralization:—
Fi/rst,—Shall contain an express renunciation of all submission and
obedience to any other nation or foreign government, especially the na-
tion or government to which he belongs.
Second,—It shall be therein stated, that he likewise renounces every
title, token of honor, or grace he may have obtained from any govern-
ment.
Third,—That he will support the constitution, constitutive act and
general laws of the United States of Mexico.
Art. 6. These conditions having been complied with, the governor of
the state, or principal political chief of the district or territory shall issue
the certificate of naturalization agreeably to the formula annexed to this
law.
Art. 7. Absence to foreign countries with a passport from the govern-
ment shall not interrupt the successive residence of those who desire
to become naturalized; provided, that it does not exceed eight months.
Art. 8. The wife, and the children when they are not free, shall be
considered naturalized in the person of the husband.
Art. 9. The children of Mexican citizens, born out of the territory of
the republic shall be considered as born therein.
Art. 10. The right of naturalization shall not descend to the children
of those, who have never resided within the Mexican territory.
Art. 11. The children of foreigners not naturalized born in the Mex-
ican territory may obtain the certificate of naturalization; provided, that
within the year following, their becoming free they present themselves
to the governor of the state, district or territory wherein they wish to
reside.
Art. 12. Naturalization in a foreign country, and admission of office,
commission, income, or token of honor, from another government shall
deprive one of the rights of naturalization.
Art. 13. Every empresario, who comes with the view of colonizing,
and effects it in accordance with the general law, and private law of the
respective state, shall have a right to request a certificate of naturaliza-
tion, which shall be granted him making oath of due obedience to the
constitution and laws.
Art. 14. Foreigners who come to settle upon colonizable lands shall
be considered naturalized after the expiration of one year from their es-
tablishment.
(461 )