352
Naturalization Law of the General Congress.
ART. 15. Foreigners, who, being in the marine service as soldiers,
sailors, or enrolled therein, declare to the political authority nearest the
place of their residence that they wish to become naturalized, making
oath before said authority to support the constitution, constitutive. act,
and general laws, and that they renounce all submission and obedience to
any other dominion or foreign government, and also, every title, token
of honor or grace that is not of the republic of Mexico.
Art. 16. The authorities to whom those foreigners mentioned in the
foregoing article present themselves, shall forward to the governors of
the respective states semi-annually an exact list, comprising the names,
places, of nativity, age, and married or single state of the persons, who
by virtue of said article should have become naturalized.
Art. 17. Certificates of naturalization shall not be granted to the sub-
jects, or citizens of a nation at war with the United States of Mexico.
Art. 18. Those who have presented themselves to the general govern-
ment up to the 1st of March, 1826, requesting to become naturalized,
shall be considered to have employee! the time required, complying with
the other conditions prescribed by this law.
Art. 19. Every year in December, the governors of the states, district,
or territory, shall transmit to the president of the republic a statement,
expressing the names, places of birth, skill or business, and age of the
persons to whom certificates of naturalization should have been granted.
A register of all the same shall be kept in the office of the Secretary
of internal relations, and in the archives of the respective governors.
Art. 20. Every year, on the first month of ordinary session, the sec-
retary of internal relations shall transmit to both houses expressly, sepa-
rate from the report, a note stating all that-should be expressed in the
reports he should have received from the governors in accordance with
the preceding article, noticing at the conclusion thereof the faults he
might observe on the part of the said governors, or others to whom it
belongs, in conformitv to this law.
FRANCISCO ANICETO PALACIOS,
President of the Senate.
CASIMIRO LICEAGA,
President of the House of Representatives.
Miguel Duque de Estrada,
Secretary of the Senate.
Jose Perez de Palacios,
Secretary of the House of Representatives.
( 462 )