Constitution of Coahuila and Texas.
317
TITLE 1.
LEGISLATIVE POWER OF THE STATE.
SECTION I.
Deputies of Congress.
Art. 33. Congress shall be the union of the deputies, representing
the state, and elected in conformity to this constitution. Until the year
1832, it shall consist of the number of twelve deputies proper, and six
substitute deputies.
Art. 34. During the present year, and last of every ten years follow-
ing, Congress, may augment the number of its deputies, on the basis of
one for every thousand souls:
Art. 35. The election of deputies proper and substitutes, shall be
holden at the same time in each and every district of the state.
Art. 36. To be eligible to the office of deputy, proper or substitute
the following qualifications at the time of the election shall be re-
quired.
First,—To be a citizen in the enjoyment of his right.
Second,—To have attained the age of Twenty-five years.
Third,—To be domiciliated in the state, and te have resided therein
the two years immediately preceding the election.
Art. 37. Those not born within the territory of the republic, to be
■eligible as deputies, proper or substitutes, shall have been eight years
domiciliated therein, and possess real estate to the amount of eight thou-
sand dollars, or an industrious employment that that shall yield them one
thousand dollars per annum, and the qualifications provided in the pre-
ceding article.
Art. 38. Natives of any other part of America, subject to Spain in
1810, and not now annexed to any other nation, nor in subjection to
the former, shall be excepted from the foregoing article, and' for such
three years domicil in this republic, and the requisites prescribed in
article 36, shall be sufficient.
Art. 39. The following persons cannot be deputies, proper or sub-
stitutes.
First,—The governor and vice governor of the state, and members
of the executive council.
Second,—Officers of the republic.
Third,—Civil officers appointed by the executive of the state.
Fourth,-—Ecclesiastics, exercising any jurisdiction or authority in the
district where the election is holden.
Fifth,—Foreigners in time . of war between their own country and
this republic.
(427)