322
Constitution of Coahuila and Texas.
of the electors to be read, which shall be the official letters, wherein
they were notified of their appointment.
ART. 70. The president shall then inquire if there be any legal nullity
on the part of any elector for his being such; and should it be proved
in the act that there is, the elector shall loose the right of voting. The
president shall afterwards also enquire if any bribery, subornation, or
force has been used for the election of any particular person, and should
it be proved in the act that there has, the delinquents shall be de-
prived of a voice, active and passive, and false accusers shall suffer the
same penalty. Doubts that arise in either case shall be decided by the
assembly, in the manner mentioned in article 56.
Abt. 71. The electors present shall then immediately proceed to make
choice of the deputy or deputies corresponding to the district, and they
shall be elected one by one by secret scrutiny, by means of slips which
each elector shall deposit in an urn placed upon a table at the foot of
a Crucifix, after being sworn before the same, and by the president that
for deputies to the congress of the state, he will give his vote for those
citizens, who in his opinion possess the qualifications of education, in-
tegrity, probity, and well known adherence to the cause of the national
independence.
Art. 72. On conclusion of the voting, the president, tellers and secre-
tary shall examine the votes, and the candidate who received more than
one half of the votes shall be deputy, constitutionally elected, the presi-
dent declaring each election. Should no one have received the absolute
majority, the two highest candidates shall be run in a second balloting.
Should more than two persons have received a like respective majority,
they shall all be run in the second balloting, and the same shall be done
when no one has received said majority, but all an equal number of votes.
In all these cases the candidate receiving the majority of votes shall be
elected; should there be a tie, the balloting shall be repeated once only,
and should there still be a tie, it shall be decided by lot.
Abt. 73. Should one individual only have received the respective ma-
jority, and two or more persons an equal number of votes, but greater
than that of all the others, to decide which of them shall run in a second
balloting with the former, there shall be a second balloting between them,
and the one who should receive the most votes shall enter in competition
with the candidate who received the respective majority. In case of a
tie the balloting shall be repeated, and should there still be a tie, it
shall be decided by lot. In the second balloting between the one who
received the respective majority over all the candidates, and his rival,
the provision made in the last part of the preceding article shall be
observed.
Art. 74. When one person only has received the respective majority,
and all the rest an equal number of votes, to determine which of the
latter shall enter in competition in a second balloting with the for-
mer, the entire provision made in the preceding article with this view
( 432 )