Constitution of Coahuila and Texas.
323
in respect to those between whom there was a tie shall be executed, and
to determine also which of the rival candidates shall be elected deputy,
the provision of the last part of said article shall be observed.
Art. 75. The election of deputies proper having closed, that of the
substitutes shall immediately follow in the same method and form, and
the latter having also terminated, a list containing the names of all the
deputies elected, signed by the secretary of the respective assembly, shall
be immediately posted in the most public place. The electoral act shall
be signed by the president and all the 'electors, and the former, the sec-
retary and tellers, shall forward copies, authenticated by themselves, to
the permanent deputation of congress, to the governor of the state, and
to all the ayuntamientos of the district. Said assemblies, as soon as they
have performed the acts pointed out in this law, shall immediately dis-
solve, and any other in which they interfere shall be null, and further-
more reputed an offence against the public safety.
Art. 76. The president shall also seasonably dispatch the correspond-
ing official letter to the deputies proper and substitutes, accompanied by
an attested copy of the act, to serve them as a credential of their elec-
tion.
Art. 77. No citizen shall decline discharging from any cause or pre-
text, the duties mentioned in this section.
SECTION III.
HOLDING sessions.
Art. 78. Congress shall meet every year and hold its sessions, at the
place that shall be designated by law for that purpose. When it should
find it convenient to remove to another place, it may do so, provided,
that two-thirds of all the deputies shall so agree.
Art. 79. The deputies shall present their credentials to the standing
deputation of congress that it may proceed to examine and determine
on the same, having in view the attested copies of the elections of the
electoral district assemblies.
Art. 80. On the 28th of December of the year preceding that of the
renewal of congress, the deputies newly elected and members of the per-
manent deputation shall meet in public session, and the president and
secretary of said deputation shall act as such in said assembly. Said as-
sembly shall discuss the subject of the legality of the credentials and
qualifications of the deputies, and doubts that arise in regard to those
two points shall be decided by said assembly, by majority of vote, those
members of the standing deputation who have not been re-elected not
having a vote.
Art. 81: The president shall then administer to the deputies the cor-
responding oath to respect the constitutive act, the constitution of this
republic, and that of- the state, and cause the same to be respected, and
fully to fulfil the duties of their trust.
28 —VOL. 1.
(433 )