324
Constitution of Coahuila and Texas.
Art. 82. The deputies shall then proceed to elect from among them-
selves by ballot, and majority of all the votes, a president, vice president
and two secretaries, with which the permanent deputation shall cease
in all its functions, and the members thereof immediately retiring, should
they not have been re-elected, the president of congress shall declare
that said body is solemnly and legally established.
Art. 83. For holding all other sessions, ordinary and extra, the depu-
ties shall meet four days previous to that of opening the same in the
manner provided in the first part of article 80, in order to resolve, in
the same form as mentioned in the second part of said article, upon the
legality of the credentials and qualifications of the deputies that are
again presented, and being approved the deputies shall immediately be
sworn as prescribed in article 81, and they shall then proceed to make
choice of a president, vice president and secretaries in the same manner
as provided in article 82.
Art. 84. Congress shall open its ordinary sessions on the first day of
January, annually, and on the first of September, of every year following
that of the renewal of congress, it being the duty of the governor to
attend, in such important acts, who shall deliver a message in accord-
ance with the state of affairs, to which the president of congress shall
reply in general terms.
Art. 85. On the day following that of the opening of the ordinary
sessions, the governor shall present himself to give information to con-
gress in writing, of the state of the public administration, proposing the
measures or reforms that may be made in each and every department
thereof.
Art. 86. The sessions of congress shall be daily, with no other inter-
ruption than that of annual holidays. They shall all be public, except
those whereon subjects are to be treated requiring reserve, which may
be private.
Art. 87. The ordinary sessions of congress, commencing on the first
of January shall continue for that month, and the three following, of
February, March and April, and shall not be prorogued except for one
month at the longest, and in only two cases, first on petition of the gov-
ernor, second, should congress itself judge necessary, and in both cases
the vote of two-thirds of all the members shall be required. The ordi-
nary sessions commencing on the first of September shall continue for
the 30 days of said month, and from no cause, and under no pretence
shall they be prolonged. Both shall be closed with the same formalities
as prescribed for opening the same.
Art. 88. Congress, before closing its ordinary sessions, shall choose
from its own body a permanet deputation composed of three members,
proper, and one substitute which shall continue during the whole of the
interval between both terms of ordinary session. The first chosen shall
be president, and last member proper, secretary thereof.
Art. 89. When circumstances or business occur during the inter-
val between both terms of ordinary session, requiring the meeting of
(434)