Constitution of Coahuila and Texas.
325
congress, it may be convoked to extra session, provided, that by unani-
mous vote two-thirds of the members of the standing deputation, and of
the executive council, convened for that purpose, shall so agree.
Art. 90. Should the circumstances or business that occasioned the
extra convocation of congress be very weighty and urgent, the standing
deputation, convened with the council and other members present in
the capitol, shall take the necessary temporary measures, and give notice
thereof to congress as soon as it shall have convened.
Art. 91. When congress meets to hold extra sessions, the same depu-
ties shall be called to concur therein, whose duty it is to attend the ordi-
nary sessions of that year, and they shall be exclusively engaged upon the
subject or subjects comprized in the letter of convocation; but should
they not have concluded the same by the time the ordinary sessions are to.
be opened, the extra sessions shall be closed, and the business for which
they were called, be continued in the former.
ART. 92. Holding extra sessions shall not impede the election of new
deputies at the time prescribed by this constitution.
Art. 93. The extra shall be opened and closed with the same form-
alities as the ordinary sessions.
Art. 94. The governor shall cause all resolutions adopted by congress
on removal of its residence, or prorogation of its sessions, to be executed,,
without making observations thereon.
Art. 95. Congress in all that pertains to its internal order and govern-
ment, shall observe the rules that shall be formed by the present congress,
with power • to make therein, such reforms as it may judge neces-
sary.
Art. 96. The deputies shall be entirely renewed every two years, and
those of the preceding congress may be re-elected, but they shall not be
obligated to accept this charge until after the interval occupied by a
deputation. The deputies of the present congress shall for this time be
excepted from the provision of this article, and shall not be re-elected to.
the next constitutional congress.
SECTION IV.
Powers of Congress, and its Permanent Deputation.
Art. 97. The following prerogatives shall belong to congress.
First,—To enact, interpret, amend or repeal the laws relative to the
administration and internal government of the state in all its branches.
Second,—Regulate the votes received by citizens at the electoral dis-
trict assemblies for governor, vice governor and councillors, and make
choice of the same, as the case may be.
Third,—To decide by ballot the ties that occur between two or more
persons in elections to said trusts.
( 435 )