326
Constitution of Coahuila and Texas.
Fourth,—Resolve upon doubts that arise upon said elections, and upon
the qualifications of the persons elected.
Fifth,—Examine the reasons offered by those elected for not accepting
said' offices, and resolve thereon as it shall think proper.
Sixth,—Form itself into a grand jury for declaring whether there be a
just ground of action, both £or crimes of office, and for crimes in general,
committed against the deputies of congress, the governor, vice governor,
members of the council, secretary of state, and members of the supreme
tribunal of justice of the state.
Seventh,—Render the responsibility. of the said public functionaries
effectual, and provide that it be exacted of the other officers as the case
may be.
Eighth,—Determine every year the state expenditures in view of the
pre estimates, to be presented by the executive.
Ninth.—Establish or confirm the imposts, or contributions necessary
for covering said expense in accordance with this constitution, and that
of the republic. Regulate their collection, determine their application,
and approve their distribution.
Tenth,— Examine and approve the accounts of the disposition of all
the funds of the state.
Eleventh,—Contract debts in case of need, on the credit of the state,
and designate guaranties for covering the same.
Twelfth,—Enact what is proper for the administration, preservation,
and alienation of the property of the state.
Thirteenth,—Create, suspend or abolish the public offices-of the state;
assign, diminish or augment them their salaries, recesses, or labours.
• Fourteenth,—Grant rewards or recompenses to corporations or persons
who may. have rendered signal services to the state, and decree public
honors to perpetuate the memery of great men.
Fifteenth,—Regulate the method of recruiting the men required for
the service or replacement of the companies of the standing garrison
militia, of cavalry, or of active militia, belonging to the same auxiliary
arm of defence as the former, which are destined to the defence of the
state by their institution, and approve of the allotments made among the
towns of the state, of the portions that respectively belong to them for
fulfilling that object.
Sixteenth,—Enact what is proper for the enrollment and instruction
of the civic militia of the state, and appointment of its officers agreeably
to the discipline that is now, or shall be hereafter prescribed by general
law.
Seventeenth,—Promote and encourage public knowledge and education
by laws, and the progress of the sciences, arts, and useful establishments,
removing the obstacles that retard such commendable objects.
Eighteenth,-
-Protect the political liberty of the press.
Nineteenth,—Intervene, and give
or withhold its consent in all those
acts and cases wherein it is provided in this constitution.
(436)