330
Constitution of Coahuila and Texas.
of the militia of said state, of which he shall be commander in chief
throughout its territory.
Second,—See that the constitutive act, the federal and state constitu-
tion, the laws decrees and orders of the general government, and of the
congress of said state-be fulfilled, issuing the proper -orders and decrees
for their execution.
Third,—Form, with the advice of the council, such instructions and
regulations as he deems necessary for the better government of the de-
partments of the public administration of the state, which he shall trans-
mit to congress for approval.
Fourth,— Appoint agreeably to the constitution and laws, all the
officers of state not chosen by the people, or as otherwise provided by law.
Fifth,—Freely appoint and remove the secretary of state.
Sixth,—See that justice be promptly and fully administered by the
tribunals and courts of justice of the state, and that their decisions are
executed.
Seventh,—Take care of the administration and collection of all the
state rents, and decree their disposition according to law.
Eighth,—Suspend from office, as long as three months, and deprive
of even one-half their salary for the same length of time, after hearing
the advice of the council, all offiicers of the executive department, and
of his appointment or approval on violating his orders or decrees, trans-
mitting the data on the subject to the respective tribunal, should he
think there is a proper ground of action.
Ninth.—Propose to the standing deputation, ■ whenever he thinks
proper after hearing the advice of the council, the convocation of con-
gress to extra session.
RESTRICTIONS OF THE POWERS OF THE GOVERNOR.
The governor shall not have power.—
First,—To command the civic militia of the state in person without
the express consent of congress or during its recess, the resolution of the-
permanent deputation. Whenever he commands the said militia on the
aforesaid condition, the vice governor shall discharge the duties of gov-
ernor.
Second,—Interfere in the examination of causes pending, or dispose
in any manner of the persons of those accused in criminal cases, during
the trial.
Third,—To deprive any one of his liberty or impose punishment upon
him, but when the well being and safety of the state require the arrest
of any person, he may effect it on condition of putting the persons ar-
rested, within forty-eight hours, at the disposal of a competent tribunal
or judge.
Fourth,—Take possession of the property of any private individual or
corporation, or disturb him in the possession, use, or benefit thereof.
(440)