332
Constitution of Coahuila and Texas.
SECTION III.
Executive Council.
Abt. 121. For the better discharge of the duties of his office the gov-
ernor shall have a body for consultation, to be styled Executive Council,
which shall be composed of three voters proper, and two substitutes, of
all whom one only can be an ecelesiastick.
Abt. 122. For being a member of the council the same qualifications
shall be required as for being a deputy. Those not eligible as deputies,
cannot be councillors.
Abt. 123. The council shall be renewed every two years, one voter
proper, and one substitute, the last chosen, retiring in the first, the other
members proper and the other substitute in the second instance, and so
on successively.
Art. 1.24. No councillor can be re-elected until the fourth year from
the expiration of his office.
Art. 125. When the vice-governor attends the council he shall preside
without having a vote, and in that case the vice-governor shall not at-
tend.
Art. 126. The secretary of the council shall be one of the members
thereof, in the manner and form provided in its internal rules, which
the council itself shall form and present to the executive, who shall trans-
mit them to congress for approval.
Art. 127. The attributes of the council shall be as follows.
First.—To give the governor a written report in all business wherein
the law imposes on the latter the duty of requesting the same, and in
other matters wherein the governor himself thinks proper to consult said
body.
Second,—Watch, over the observance of the constitutive act, federal
constitution, and general laws of the union, constitution and private laws
of the state, apprizing congress of any violations it may observe.
Third,—Promote establishment of, and give activity to, all the
branches of prosperity of the state.
Fourth,—Propose nominations of three for filling those offices, wherein
the law exacts this requisite.
Fifth,—Concur with the permanent deputation agreeably to article 89,
on the convocation of congress to extra session, and meet with said depu-
tation for the temporary measures that may be necessary in those cases
mentioned in article 90.
Sixth,—Explain the accounts of all the public funds, and transmit the
same to congress for approval.	'
Art. 128. The council shall be responsible for all acts relating to the
exercise of its attributes.
( 442 )