Constitution of Coahuila and Texas.
339
ART. 190. Torture and compulsion shall never be used, and penalties
imposed, whatever be the crimes, shall never pass to the family of him
who suffers them, but they shall have their effect solely upon the person
who deserved them.
Abt. 191. No authority of the state can issue a mandate for searching
the houses, papers, and other effects of the inhabitants thereof, except in
those cases, and in the form, the laws provides.
Art. 192. One of the main objects of attention of congress shall be to
establish the trial by jury in criminal cases, to extend the same gradu-
ally, and even to adopt it in civil cases in proportion as the advantages
of this valuable institution become practically known.
PARAGRAPH THIRD.
Inferior Courts of fustice and Superior Tribunals.
Art. 193. The inferior courts of justice shall continue in the manner
and form that shall be prescribed by law, until in the judgment of con-
gress the state rents permit the establishment of learned judges, who shall
be appointed in each district.
Art. 194. In the capital of the state there shall be a supreme tribunal
divided into three halls, each composed of the magistrate or magistrates
whom the law designated, and said tribunal shall have a fiscal, who shall
despatch all the subjects of the three halls. Should the hall consist of
one minister only, said special law shall determine whether colleagues
should be appointed, and the manner and form it shall be done.
Art. 195. The two first halls shall take cognizance in the second and .
third processes of civil cases, of inferior courts of justice, and also of crim-
inal cases according as the laws determine.
Art. 196. It shall belong to the third hall,
First,—to decide the power of inferior judges.
Second,—Determine appeals of nullity, interposed from executing
judgements in first, second and third processes.
Third,—Take cognizance in all compulsive appeals interposed from
the ecclesiastical tribunals and authorities of the state.
Fourth,—Examine the lists that shall be transmitted to the same
monthly, of causes pending in first, second and third processes communi-
cate a copy thereof to the governor, and provide for their publication
through the press.
Fifth,—Hear doubts of law that cur to the two first halls, and to the
primary tribunals, and communicate them to congress, through the chan-
nel of the governor, accompanied by the corresponding report.
Art. 197. Actions for transgressions in office entered against in-
ferior judges, and also those formed for crimes of the same kind, and
those in general against the deputies of congress, the governor and vice
governor, counsellors, secretary of state, and members of the tribunal of
29—VOL. 1.
(449)