340
Constitution of Coahuila and Texas.
justice shall be opened and closed in all their processes before the said
supreme tribunal. The law shall mark out the other powers of the same
and its respective halls.
Art. 198. In case an action ought to be entered against the whole
tribunal, or any of its halls, congress shall appoint another special tri-
bunal, composed of the corresponding halls and the latter of the magis-
trate or magistrates considered necessary.
Art. 199. The special tribunal appointed by congress for these cases
shall take cognizance of all appeals of nullity in actions of the supreme
tribunal of justice, in those of the individuals mentioned in the preceding
article, and in subjects pertaining to the third hall.
Art. 200. To be a magistrate of fiscal it shall be required to be a citi-
zen in the exercise of his rights over twenty-five years of age, a native of
this republic, and an upright and enlightened lawyer.
Art. 201. Both magistrates and fiscal shall be appointed by congress
on nomination by the executive. They shall receive a competent salary,
to be designated by law, and cannot be removed from office, except, from
a legally established cause.
Art. 202. The members of the supreme tribunal of justice shall be
responsible for all their proceedings in the discharge of their functions,
and may be accused therefor before congress by any individual of the
people whatever.
TITLE IV.
SOLE SECTION.
State Revenue.
ART. 203. The taxes of the individuals composing the state shall form
its public revenue.
Art. 204. Said taxes may be direct, general, or municipal, but of what-
ever kind they are, they shall be proportionate to the expenditures they
are to cover, and to the property of the citizens.
Art. 205. Taxes can not be levied except for paying the portion cor-
responding to the state of the general disbursements of the republic, and
covering the private expense of the state. The taxes for the latter object
shall be fixed expressly, on the firstgterm of session, every year, and ac-
cording to the pre-estimate to be presented by the governor, and approved
by congress.
Art. 206. The present taxes shall continue until their repeal be pub-
lished, and said repeal cannot be decreed except by congress.
Art. 207. There shall be in the capital a general treasury for the re-
ceipt, custody and distribution of the whole product of the state rents.
(450 )