342
Constitution of Coahuila and Texas.
Art. 216. The seminaries most required for affording the public the
means of instruction in the sciences, and arts useful to the state; and
wherein, the aforementioned constitutions shall be fully explained, shall
be established in suitable places, and in proportion as circumstances go on
permitting.
Art. 217. The method of teaching shall be uniform throughout the
state, and with this view, also to facilitate the same, congress shall form
a general plan of public education, and regulate by means of statutes
and laws all that pertains to this most important object.
TITLE VII.
SOLE SECTION.
Observance of the Constitution.
Art. 218. The observance of the constitution in all its parts shall
be one of the first and most sacred duties of the inhabitants of the state
of Coahuila and Texas, and neither congress, or any other authority can
exempt them therefrom; and every coahuil-texano may demand said ob-
servance, setting forth with that view to congress or the executive.
Art. 219. For any violation of the constitution whatever, the person
who committed it shall be personally responsible. In order to render said
responsibility effective congress shall dictate the laws and decrees' it
thinks conducive to that end; and furthermore, every year in its first-
sessions, take under deliberation the infringements manifested to the
same by the permanent deputation and executive council, and adopt the
proper resolution thereon.
Art. 220. The public functionaries of the state, of whatever class, shall
make oath, on entering in possession of office, to observe, support and
defend the constitutive act, the constitution of the republic, and that of
the state, and fully and faithfully to discharge the duties of their office.
Art. 221. Propositions upon amendment, alteration, or repeal of any
one or more of its articles, shall be made in writing, and supported and
signed by one-third of the deputies.
Art. 222. The congress in whose time any of the said propositions are
made shall make no further provision, during the two years of its ses-
sions, than for the reading and printing of the same, with the original
reasons with which they are supported.
Art. 223. The congress following shall receive the propositions for
discussion, or reject them—and if accepted, they shall again be printed,
and circulated by the executive to be read in the proximate electoral
juntas previous to electing the deputies to congress.
(452)