vi
introduction.
Civil law has come down to us through connection with Mexico,.
But it was not till the coming- of the Anglo-American that respect-
ability attached to Texas and heroism to her history. And this
compilation begins with the advent of Austin to Texas, during the
expiring’ agonies of Spanish dominion in Mexico.
First in order among the documents here presented is Austin’s
Spanish colonization grant, ratified by the Constituent Congress
of Mexico, and then the still more important work of that august
body, “The Federal Constitution of the United Mexican States,”
more commonly known in Texas as the “Constitution of 1824,”
and that followed by the Constitution and Laws of Coahuila and
Texas, including the colonization law of Tamaulipas and those of
Texas.
As to the documents of the revolution, the Ordinances and De-
crees of the Consultation, including the declaration of the causes
for taking up arms against Santa Anna, the establishment of the
Provisional Government, with its Journal of Proceedings, and
the Ordinances and Decrees of the Convention at Washington, in-
cluding the Declaration of Independence, Constitution, and Jour-
nal of Proceedings, are all given.
The war of Texas, aided and to be aided by other Mexican
States, was for the maintenance of the Constitution of 1824, the
rough draft of which appears to have been prepared by S. F.
Austin. Abandoned in the contest by her Mexican confederates,
Texas finally struck ■ successfully for independence—a boon not
anticipated at the beginning of the struggle. A decade of inde-
pendence was enough for Texas.
In due order follows:
The Constitution of 1845, with the annexation resolution and
ordinance ratifying the same, bringing Texas into the Union, and
Constitution of the United States then become the supreme law
of the land.
The ordinances and decrees of the Secession Convention on
withdrawal of Texas from the Union, with the Constitution of the
Confederate States succeeding that of the United States as the
paramount law, 1861-65.
The ordinances and decrees of the Union Convention, 1866, on
the fall of the Confederacy, with amended Constitution of the
State, etc.
Reconstruction Act of Congress, March, 1867.
Ordinances and decrees of the Reconstruction Convention, 1868
-69.
The Constitution of 1876, with amendments and attendant
documents.