4
Introduction and Preparatory Note.
Municipality of Austin, to recommend that the people of Texas should;
be consulted at this important crisis; which may be done by the election
of Delegates.
It is therefore recommended, that the people of each Town, Precinct,
and Civil District in Texas, elect Five Delegates, to meet at the Town of
San Felipe de Austin, on the 1st Monday in October next; and that the
Civil Authorities order an election, in their respective Districts according-
ly, with as little delay as possible.
San Felipe de Austin, 22d August, 1832.
(Signed)
(Signed)
HORATIO CHRIESMAN, 1st Alcalde.
JOHN AUSTIN, 2d Alcalde
Accordingly, Delegates were elected, who convened at San Felipe on the
day appointed, and continued their sitting during the week.
The Department was very generally represented, but owing to the
shortness of the notice given, the Convention was not so full as it other-
wise would have been. The members from Goliad, did not arrive until
after the sitting was concluded; but they warmly approbated all that had
been done, and especially the objects of the Memorial and petition to the
General Government, in relation to the impolitic Law of the Qth of April,
and the separation from Coahuila. These members determined to remain,
at San Felipe some days, to see if San Antonio would not send representa-
tives also, with. which delegation, (should there have been one) they
wished to unite in declaring their concurrence in the measures adopted
by the Convention; and also, to appoint a co-delegate to participate in the
been done, and especially the objects of the Memorial and Petition to the
Government. Members from San Antonio, however, did not arrive; and
what was intended to be done in conjunction with that representation,
was performed by the Delegation from Goliad, on their part, to the full
extent of their Commission. A meeting of the Central Standing Com-
mittee, was held for the purpose of communicating with them; when
they formally attached their concurrence to the measures adopted by the
Convention, and chose DoN Rafael MANOHOLA, as co-delegate, to ac-
company the Missions to the General and State Governments.
The proceedings of the Convention will be found in the highest degree-
interesting, to every one who feels any solicitude for the character and
prosperity of the country. Such, have the greatest reason to rejoice at
the present progressive course of events, which must inevitably lead to
the disenthrallment of Texas, and place its advancement upon the desira-
ble and fair basis of its unquestionable preeminence in soil, climate, and
every thing which attracts capital and rewards industry.
We are proud to be able to say, that we never witnessed in any deliber-
ative body, a more commendable spirit of compromise, and a greater de-
gree of union and harmony in feeling and design, than were displayed
thro the whole sitting of the Convention. Whatever differences of senti-
ment and opinion were evinced during the discussion and consideration of
the various subjects which were acted upon, they were happily assimilated
without heat, and the Convention may truly be said, to have dissolved,,
with one feeling—one wish—and one united resolve.
(478)