8
Proceedings of the Convention of Texas.
ask for such Legislative aid as the Convention might deem necessary, and
especially to petition for a repeal of the 11th article of the Law of the 6th
of April, 1830, which totally paralizes the improvement of Texas, by.em-
barrassing the emigration to it of natives of the United States of the
North: to ask for a modification of the Tariff, and an adjustment of the
land business to the East of the River San Jacinto: and to represent the
defects in the local Government, and administration of justice in Texas,
as now organized.
On motion of Mr. Bruf, it was ordered, that a committee be immediate-
ly appointed for the purpose of drafting Rules and Regulations for the
Government of this Convention.
In lieu thereof, the Rules of the Senate of the State of Missouri, were
proposed, and adopted, so far as applicable to the proceedings of the Con-
vention.
On motion of Mr. Lesassier, it was resolved, that a committee of five
persons be appointed to draft a Memorial to the Federal Government,
praying the repeal of the 11th article of the Law of the 6th of April,
1830—and also to set forth to the Government, the toils, and difficulties,
and dangers encountered by the Colonists in the early settlement of
Texas:—and their respect for, and attachment to, the Constitution and
Laws of the Republic—and report to the Convention in a reasonable
time.
Whereupon, the following persons were appointed to compose said
committee:
Luke Lesassier, William H. Wharton, Jonas Harison, Geo. Sutherland,
P. C. Jack.
At the request of the mover, W. H. Wharton was appointed chairman
of said committee.
On motion of Mr. Lesassier, it was resolved, that a committee of five
be appointed to draft a petition to the Federal Government, praying a
reduction of duties on articles, of the first necessity, imported into
Texas—and also, that the committee make such an exposition as will
prove to the Government, as far as practicable, that the reduction of
duties would increase the revenue of the country.
Whereupon, the following persons were appointed to form said com-
mittee:
Charles D. Sayre, James Morgan, Jared E. Groce, Charles S. Taylor,
J. K. Looney.
On motion, George B. McKinstry, and John Austin were added.
At the request of the mover, Mr. Sayre was appointed chairman of said
committee.
On motion, the Convention adjourned until Tuesday, 9 o’clock, A. M.
TUESDAY. October 2.
The Convention met agreeably to adjournment.
On motion of Mr. Harison, it was resolved, that a committee of ten be
appointed, to take into consideration the situation of the land business
to the East of San Jacinto; and report to this Convention, such memorial
or memorials, to the State, or General Government, or to both, as the
committee deem necessary.
(482 )