12
Proceedings of the Convention of Texas.
chewing in small quantities, Powder, Lead & Shot, Medicines, Books &
Stationary.—The foregoing articles include the principal imports made
use of, and wanted by the inhabitants of Texas; many of them are pro-
hibited, and on those which are allowed to be introduced, the duties are
so high that they amount to a prohibition. The trade to Texas is small,
and the resources limited, but if fostered by a liberal policy on the part
of the general Government, it will, in a few years, yield a revenue of no
small importance.
(Signed)
J. E. GROCE, Chairman.
Which, after being read, was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. Dinsmore, it was ordered that the report of the com-
mittee on the Tariff be taken up and acted upon by the Convention.
Mr. Dinsmore then moved to amend the report by substituting the
word money for that of resources; so as to read—are yet almost without
money.—Question submitted, and decided in the negative.
On motion of Mr. Lesassier, the report was adopted, without amend-
ment.
Mr. Wharton, chairman of of the commtitee on the repeal of the 11th.
Article of the law of the 6 th. of April 1830, reported a memorial to the
National Congress, praying for a repeal of said article, which was unani-
mously adopted.
To the Federal Congress of Mexico:
Your memorialists, representatives of all the Anglo-Americans in Tex-
as, in general Convention met, taking advantage of that sacred and re-
publican privilege, of making known their wants and grievances, which is
guarantied to them by the Constitution of their adopted country, re-
spectfully represent, that they have viewed, and still view, with senti-
ments of the deepest regret and mortification, the passage and the present
existence of the 11th Article of the law of the 6th. of April 1830. This
law is obnoxious to your memorialists, for many reasons. Independent of
its withering influence on all the hopes of Texas, it implies a suspicion of
our fidelity to the Mexican Constitution. Such suspicion we humbly
conceive to be utterly unwarranted; and we will endeavor to prove it so,
by taking a re-view of our conduct from the passage of the first Coloniza-
tion law up to the present period.
In the year 1823, the Congress of the Mexican Nation invited the citi-
zens of the United States of the North to become inhabitants of Texas,
giving to each family one setio of land for so doing. This donation of
land, sounds largely at a distance. Considering, however, the difficulties
with which the taking possession of it was environed, it will not be
thought so magnificent a bounty, nor so entire a gratuity. Had these
lands have been previously pioneered by the enterprize of the government,
and freed from the insecurities which beset a wilderness trod only by
savages; had they have been in the heart of of an inhabited region, and
accessible to the comforts and necessaries of life; had the government
have been deriving an actual revenue from them; could it have realized a
capital from the sale of them, then we admit that the donation would
have been unexampled in the history of national liberty. But how dif-
ferent from all this, was the real state of the. case? The lands in question,
( 486 )