20
Proceedings of the Convention of Texas.
On motion of Mr. Bruff, the Convention adjourned until 3 o’clock,
P. M.
The Convention met agreeably to adjournment—Mr. Lesassier in the
chair.
On motion of Mr. Ingram, it was ordered that a committee be ap-
pointed, to take into consideration the expediency and importance, of
appointing a Central Committee of Vigilance, Safety, and Correspond-
ence, in the Town of San Felipe de Austin; as also the expediency and
importance of appointing permanent Sub-Committees, in all the districts
and sections of Texas, for the purpose of circulating information of events
of importance to the interest of the people, throughout every settlement
in the country; and furthermore, instructed to report the names of said
Central and Sub-Committees, for the consideration of this Convention;
and authorised to report the general duties of said Committees.
Whereupon, the following persons were appointed to compose said
committee:
Ira Ingram, G. B. McKinstry, Robert Wilson, J. K. Looney, James
Kerr.
Mr. Taylor, chairman of the committee, on the subject of the claims
of the North American Tribes of Indians, in Texas, made the following
report, which was accepted:
To the Ayuntamiento of Nacogdoches:
The people of Texas, met in General Convention, with anxiety make
known, that they view with regret and concern, the present unfortunate
situation of the North American Tribes of Indians residing in Texas,
and much deplore the transactions which have occasioned it; and in as
much, as a portion of our affairs, in relation to government, are in the
same condition, it will be convenient for us, and perhaps not an improper
duty, to inquire into and apply for a redress of the Indian grievances.
It is known that the Cherokees claim by way of grant, a tract of coun-
try situated about 30 miles to the N. W. of Nacogdoches; which claim
they have been told, is worth about as much as the paper it is written on.
— The Shawnees also, as well as others, have settled in the country, and
have been promised possessions. The promise is still protracted.
When the Indian, inclined as he is to believe a promise made, eventual-
ly must be fulfilled, becomes frequently the dupe of craftiness and oppres-
sion, he naturally becomes discontented, unfriendly and hostile; and in
the present instance might be made troublesome to us.
The Indians’ repeated request to obtain their rights, are unattended to,
because an accredited agent of the Government has been illegally sus-
pended by a military officer, who in continuance of his system of decep-
tion and conciliation, and with a mew to enlist their aid, declared to the
Cherokees, (at the time we began to evince a disposition of throwng from
our necks, the insupportable weight of Military oppression)—"The
Americans grasping for land, intend making the attempt of driving all
my countrymen from this State, and an extirpation of you all will soon
follow.”
But the conflict at an end, some of our fellow-citizens explaining to
them the true causes which impelled us to arms; and they seeing a large
-lumber of our native Mexican fellow-citizens had taken up arms in our
( 494 )