22
Proceedings of the Convention of Texas.
lar information, to circulate it to the civil and miltiary authorities
throughout the country, thro, or by means of the sub-committees, or
otherwise, as shall most expedite its transmission. It is further recom-
mended, that the central committee have power, on application of the
people, to appoint sub-committees in such place and neighborhoods as
may not be accommodated by this report.
Your committee bg leave further to recommend, that a circular be
prepared by the president of this convention, to be signed by him and
countersigned by the secretary, and that one or more copies thereof be
sent to the central committee, and at least one to each sub-committee;,
and furthermore, that in the absence, inability, or indisposition of the
chairman of any such sub-committee to act, that each any every other-
member of the same, be authorized to receive, open, and answer all des-
patches, from whatever source, addressed to said committee or their
chairman as chairman of the same. It is further recommended, that all
vacancies be filled by the central committee, or by its majority, on nomi-
nation of the committee in which such vacancy may have occurred, pro-
vided a nomination be sent in; but where none is received in a reasonable-
time after the vacancy occurs, then your committee would recommend,
that the central committee proceed to fill such vacancy without delay.
Your committee recommend, that the central committee have power to
call a Convention of Delegates from all Texas, at such time and place as
they think proper. That the central committee be instructed to furnish
the delegate elected by this convention to go to Mexico, with a letter-
embracing such matters of fact as maybe connected with the object of
his mission; and with such arguments connected therewith, as may in
their opinion be calculated to aid the said delegate in the discharge of his
high and important trust.
Your committee recommend for the consideration of the Convention,,
the following list of names for the Central and Sub-Committees:
CENTRAL COMMITTEE :
Francis W. Johnson, James B. Miller, Stephen F. Austin, Lewis L.
Veeder, Robert Peebles, Wyly Martin, Wm. Pettis.
SUB-COMMITTEES :
For the District of Sabine:----
Holt.
For the District of Tennehaw:—
For the District of Nacogdoches:
tings.
McMahon,
Smith, Benjamin:
G. Butler, E. Rains, Jonas Harison.
—C. S. Tayor, H. Hartz, Thomas Has-
For the District of Cow Bayou:—
Garnder.
For the District of San Jacinto :
son, Wm. P. Harris.
Claiborne West, G. A. Patillo, David
D. G. Burnett, George E. Richard-
For the District of Mina:—Samuel Hoit, Robert H. Williams, Eli Mer-
cer.
For the District of Snow-River:—Samuel Lewis, Ephraim Thompson,.
Major Dailey.
(496 )