Proceedings of the Convention of Texas.
23
For the District ofAyish-Bayou:—John G. Love, Baily Anderson, Isaac
W. Barron.
For the District of Anahuac:—James Morgan, G. M. Patrick, J. C.
Eeed.
For the District of Liberty:—P. C. Jack, H. B. Johnston, A. B. Harden.
For the District of Labaca:—Hugh McGuffin, G. Sutherland, John An-
drews.
For the District of Gonzales:—Eli Mitchell, H. S. Brown, Thomas E.
Miller.
For the District of Alfred:—William Robinson, W. E. Hensley, Samuel
Bluff.
For the District of Hidalgo:—Nestor Clay, A. Thompson, John P.
. Cole.
For the District of Victoria:—John Austin, Charles D. Sayre, George
B. McKinstry, Charles B. Stewart, W. D. C. Hall.
For the District of Viesca:—Jesse Grimes, Francis Holland, John Bow-
man.
For the District of Bastrop:—E. Andrews, T. G. Gazley, Bartlett Sims..
All of which is respectfully submitted.
(Signed)
IEA INGRAM, Chairman.
John Austin, chairman of the committee, to whom was referred the'
subject of recommending an uniform mode for oganizing the Militia of
Texas, made the following report, which was adopted:
The committee to whom was referred the reporting of an uniform
mode of organizing the militia of Texas, report as follows:
1st. The committee recommend the plan or regulation made by the
Ayuntamiento of Austin, which ordains—
Article 1. The Militia of the Municipality shall be organized into one
regiment, to be composed of two battalions, and twelve companies.
Art. 2. The companies shall be formed as follows:—the west side of
the Brazos river, within the Precinct of Victoria, shall form one com-
pany district; the precinct of San Jacinto one; that of Viesca, one; that
of Hidalgo, one; that of Bastrop, one; that of Alfred, one; that of Mina,
one; that of Labaca, one; that of San Felipe, one; that of Gonzales, one;
and that of Mill Creek, one.
Art. 3. Each company shall be composed of one Captain, three Lieu-
tenants, four Sergeants, three Corporals, one Quarter-master Corporal,
and the number of men within the district.
Art. 4. The Field Officers and Staff, shall consist of one Colonel, one
Lieutenant-Colonel, one Major, one First Adjutant, one Second Adjutant,
one Quarter-Master, one Surgeon, and one Surgeon’s mate. The Colonel
may appoint the non-commissioned officers of his staff, as he may think
proper.
Art. 5. The first battalion shall be composed of the districts of San
Felipe, Mill Creek, Hidalgo, Viesca, Alfred and Bastrop, to be numbered
from, one to six, in the order they stand in the article.
Art. 6. The first battalion shall be composed of the companies on the
west and east side of the Brazos in the Precinct of Victoria, and of the
Districts of Mina, San Jacinto, Labaca, and Gonzales, to be numbered
from one to six, in like manner.
Art. 7. Every man within the Municipality, able to bear arms, over the
32—vol. i.
(497)