24
Proceedings of the Convention of Texas.
age of sixteen and under fifty years, shall be liable to militia duty, and
shall arm himself with gun and equipments.
Art, 8. The elections for officers and non-commissioned officers, shall
be held in each company district, the second Saturday of October next.
The alcalde shall give notice in each district, and appoint a central place
for holding each election, and a person who shall preside, aided by two
tellers and a secretary, to be appointed, by the militia present, at the open-
ing of the polls. The election shall commence at 10 o’clock, A. M. and
close at 4 o’clock, p. M.
Art. 9. The militiamen shall, at the same time, vote for a Colonel, a
Lieutenant-Colonel, and Major. The staff officers of the regiment, shall
be appointed by the field officers.
Art. 10. The returns of the elections, shall be made within ten days
from the time they are held, by the respective presidents, tellers, and sec-
retaries, to the President of the Ayuntamiento; which body shall issue a
certificate to each of the officers and non-commissioned officers who are
elected. A record of the same shall be made, and a book kept for that
purpose in the archives of the Ayuntamiento.
Art. 11. All vacancies shall be supplied by elections ordered by the
commandant of the regiment, on receiving notice thereof.
Art. 12. Any officer, or non-commissioned officer, who removes out
of the limit of the district for which he was elected, shall lose his com-
mission by such removal.
Art. 13. The penalty for non attendance of a company muster, shall
not exceed fifty dollars for officers, and ten dollars for non-commissioned
officers and privates.
Art. 14. Ungentlemanly conduct, or disobedience of orders, or neglect
of duty by officers, shall be punished by cashiering, suspension for a time,
.reprimand or fine, at the discretion of the court martial.
Art. 15. Disrespect to superiors, neglect of duty, or disobedience of
■orders, by non-commissioned officers or privates, shall be punished by
arrest under guard, public reprimand, or fine, at the discretion of the
court martial: provided, that in actual service, the officer in command
can resort to such punishment as the exigency may require; but always
on his own responsibility, as liable to punishment himself, should a com-
petent court martial decide that such punishment was excessive, or im-
properly executed or applied.
Art. 16. Sleeping on post or deserting it, shall be punished at the dis-
cretion of the court martial.
Art. 17. There shall be general, regimental and special court martials.
Art. 18. The general court martial shall be convened by the com-
mandant of the regiment, except when the charges are against said com-
mandant, in which case it shall be convened by the Ayuntamiento, and
shall try all charges against officers, including the commander of the
rigiment, and all offences committed by officers, non-commissioned offi-
cers and privates, when the punishment is death. This court shall be
composed of not less than five, nor more than thirteen members, to be
nominated by the commandant of the regiment, or should he be ac-
cused, then by the Ayuntamiento.
Art. 19. The regimental court martial shall be convened by the com-
mandant of the regiment. and shall be composed of three commissioned
■officers, to be nominated by him. This court shall try all charges against
(498 )