Proceedings of the Convention of Texas.
25
non-commissioned officers and privates, except when the punishment is
death. Two or more of such regimental courts may be convened at the
same time, in different places, to impose fines for non attendace at com-
pany musters, or refusing to obey a draft, or other disobedience or neg-
lect of duty.
Art. 20. Special court martials may be convened by an officer in com-
mand of the regiment, or a detachment, when in actual service. These
courts shall have the same power as the regimental court martial.
Art. 21. It shall be discretionary with the commandant of the regi-
ment to order company, battalion and regimental musters, when ever he
may deem it necessary, and to form regulations for classing and drafting
the militia.
Art. 22. One volunteer uniform company may be raised in each bat-
talion, which shall not exceed fifty men in the aggregate. Such company
shall be subject to the orders of the commandant of the regiment or bat-
talion, and the rules prescribed in this regulation, but may form bye-laws
for their own internal regulations.
Art, 23. It shall be the duty of the field officers, to suggest to the
Ayuntamiento, such amendments to this regulation, as experience may
indicate as necessary.
2nd. The committee recommend, that the Districts of Nacogdoches,
Ayish Bayou, Tennehaw, Snow River, and Sabine form one regiment.
3rd. That the District of Liberty, and the inhabitants east of said
settlement, on the Sabine river, and those of Cow-Bayou, form one bat-
talion.
4th. This committee request the Ayuntamiento of Nacogdoches, to
organize its militia agreeably to this plan, and also the Ayuntamiento
of Liberty, and make return of the officers elected, to the Ayuntamiento
of Austin.
5th. The committee recommend, that a Brigadier-General be elected,
to take command of the whole militia,
6th. That so soon as may be, after the organization of the militia, the
Ayuntamiento of Austin shall order an election for Brigadier-General,
by the commissioned officers of the two regiments.
" (Signed)	JOHN AUSTIN, Chairman.
On motion of Mr. Harison, it was resolved, that a committee of two
persons be appointed to represent to the Legislature of Coahuila and
Texas the necessity of appointing a Surveyor-General for Texas, and that
said committee recommend Francis W. Johnson, as a qualified person to
fill that post:
Whereupon, Jonas Harison, and Luke Lesassier were appointed to
compose said committee.—On motion, S. F. Austin was added.
Mr. Hensley, chairman of the committee, relative to the protection of
Austin’s and Dewitt’s Colonies aginst Indian depredations, made the fol-
lowing report, which was accepted:
To the Honorable, the Convention, now in Session:
Gentlemen:—In accordance with the trust reposed in your commit-
tee; appointed for the purpose of making inquiry into the Indian affairs
(499 )