Proceedings of the Convention of Texas.
27
eral. Captain WYLY Martin was, thereupon, unanimously recommend-
ed as a suitable person for that office.
On motion of Mr. Lesassier, the Convention adjourned until 4 o’clock
P. M.
The Convention met agreeably to adjournment.
Mr. Harison, chairman of the committee to whom was referred the
situation of the land business east of the San Jacinto, made the follow-
ing report, which was unanimously adopted.
To His Excellency, the Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas:
The inhabitants of Texas, convened in General Convention of Dele-
gates, in the Town of San Felipe de Austin, for the purpose of represent-
ing their situation to the Government, respectfully set forth to your ex-
cellency: that from the year 1821, up to the present time, a number of
industrious citizens have settled in the district of country between the
San Jacinto, and Sabine Rivers; and that the settlers have made ex-
tensive and valuable improvements in farms, mills, cotton gins, and ma-
chinery; and having uniformly been obedient to the Constitution, in the
year 18.28, grants of land were made to them by the government, and
Don Juan Antonio Padilla was appointed Commissioner to issue the
titles. Unfortunate circumstances prevented the said Commissioner from
completing the objects of his commission, and the business remained in
suspense. In 1831, Don Jose Francisco Madero was appointed Commis-
sioner by the government for the same purpose, but unfortunately he
was arrested by military authority, and prevented from issuing the titles.
These repeated delays and embarrassments have defeated the paternal
intentions of the government, in favor of the inhabitants of that remote
section of the State, who still remain in the most cruel uncertainty as to
their land titles. Relying on the grants made in 1828, and the Coloniza-
tion Laws, they have made, as has been said, important improvements;
and if fostered by the government, will be an efficient defence of the
frontier against Indians, or other enemies. The uncertainty of their
situation, causes an uneasiness among the inhabitants, and cannot be
favorable to the public tranquility, and is in the highest degree prejudi-
cial to the prosperity of the country. The number of inhabitants is suf-
ficient for the establishment of new’ Ayuntamientos. The organization
of the local government in that section of the State, is very defective.
There are but two Ayuntamintos between the San Jacinto and, Sabine
Rivers; one at Nacogdoches, and one at Liberty, on the Trinity. The
greatest inconveniences and evils may arise from such a state of things;
for a large portion of the inhabitants are almost without any local gov-
ernment.
Influenced by these reasons, and the most firm and decided attach-
ment and adhesion to the Constitution of the Republic, and of the State,
and the most sincere desire for our country’s prosperity, this Convention
respectfully petition, that your Excellency will be pleased to appoint a
Commissioner, duly authorized to give titles of possesion to the inhabi-
tants living between said San Jacinto and Sabine Rivers: and to estab-
lish the Ayuntamientos in conformity to the Laws of Colonization.
(Signed)
J. HARISON, Chairman.
(501)