100
Laws of Colonization.
having taken the requisite oath, shall be considered thenceforward, and
not before that time, a fellow-citizen.
Abt. 4.—F’rom the very day in which any foreigner becomes a citi-
zen, agreeably to the preceding article, he may denounce any land be-
longing to the State, and the proper civil authority being under the
obligation of passing to the government, for its approbation, the peti-
tion thus made on this subject, shall award it to him; as also to every
native of the country, acting in conformity with the laws on that sub-
ject.
Art. 5.—The foreigners of any nation and the native Mexicans may
undertake to form new settlements on lands belonging to the nation,
and even if belonging to individuals under the circumstances stated in
Art. 35; but the new settlers, who may demand admission into the
nation, must prove, by certificate from the authorities of the place from
whence they came, that they are Christians, and also the morality and
'propriety of their conduct.
Art. 6.—Whatever foreigners shall arrive at a period at which the
sovereign general Congress shall have prohibited, as it may do after the
year 1840, or previously as regards the natives of any one nation, shall
not then be admitted; and all those who shall arrive within the time
allowed them, agreeably to this article, shall, nevertheless, be subjected
to such measures for the security of the federation as the supreme gov-
ernment may adopt, regarding them without prejudice to the object
of this law. •	.
Art. 7.—The government shall take care that no settlement be made
within 20 leagues of the boundaries of the United States of North
America, and 10 leagues along the coast of the Gulf of Mexico, except
such as shall obtain the sanction of the Supreme Government of the
Union: for which purpose it shall forward to it every petition on- that
head, made by Mexicans or foreigners, adding to it whatever remarks
it may deem expedient.
Art. 8.—All projects for establishing colonies, on which one or more
persons may offer to bring, at their own expense, 100 or more families,
shall be presented to the government, which, if it finds them agreeable
to the law, shall approve of them, and immediately mark out to the pro-
jectors the lands which they are to occupy, and the number of years
allowed them for presenting the number of families for which they have
stipulated, under penalty of forfeiting the rights and benefits offered
them in proportion to the number of families they shall omit to provide,
and the grant shall be wholly annulled should they not present, at the
least, 100 families.
Art. 9.—This law guarantees all contracts made between the pro-
jectors and the families brought at their expense, inasmuch as they are
in conformity with its provisions.
Art. 10.—In the distribution of lands a preference shall be given to
military men, who, agreeably to the documents granted by the Supreme
Executive Power, may have a right to them; and Mexican citizens not
military men, amongst whom no other distinction shall be made than
that which may be founded on the individual merits, and services ren-
dered the country; or if no other difference exists, residence in the parts
where the lands lie: the dimensions of the divisions of those lands will
be designated in the following articles.
(100)