314
Constitution of Coahuila and Texas.
Art. 6. The territory of the state is the same as that embraced in the
provinces formerly known by the names of Coahuila and Texas. A con-
stitutional law shall mark out its limits, in respect to the adjoining states,
of the Mexican Confederacy.
Art. 7. For the better administration thereof, the territory of the state
shall for the present be divided into three departments as follows,—
viz:
Bexar,—Embracing all the territory corresponding to what was called
province of Texas, which shall form one sole district.
Monelova,—Consisting of the district of the same name, and that of
Rio Grande.
Saltillo,—Comprehending the district of the same name, and that of
Parras.
Art. 8. Hereafter congress may alter, vary, and modify this division
of the territory of the state as it shall judge most conducive to the felicity
of the people.
Art. 9. The Roman Catholic Apostolic Religion shall be the religion
of the state. The state protects it by wise and just laws, and prohibits the
exercise of any other.
Abt. 10. The state shall regulate and pay all expense that should be
necessary for the preservation of religious worship, agreeably to the con-
cordates the nation should ratify with the Apostolic See, and to the laws
that shall be prescribed on the exercise of the patronato throughout the
republic.
Art. 11. Every man who resides within the limits of the state, al-
though but transiently, shall enjoy the imprescriptible rights of liberty,
security, property and equality; and it is the duty of said state to pre-
serve and protect by wise and equitable laws, these universal rights of
men.
Art. 12. The state is also obligated to protect all its inhabitants in the
exercise of the right which they possess of writing, printing and freely
publishing their sentiments and political opinions, without the necessity
of any examination, or critical review previous to their publication, under
the responsibility and restrictions that are now, or shall be hereafter es-
tablished by the general laws on the subject,
Art. 13. From and after the promulgation of the constitution in the
capital of each district, no one shall be born a slave in the state, and after
six months the introduction of slaves under any pretext shall not be
permitted.
Art. 14. In return, all men who inhabit the state shall obey its laws,
respect its constituted authorities, and constribute to its support in the
manner it requires.
Art. 15. All kinds of vacant property within its limits, and all intestate
property without a legal successor, shall belong to the state.
Art. 16. The state shall be composed solely of two classes of persons,—
viz: Coahuiltexanos, and the citizens of Coahuila and Texas.
Art. 17. The following persons shall be Coahuiltexians.
( 424)