Constitution of Coahuila and Texas.
315
First,—All men born and domiciliated in the territory of the state,
and the children of the same.
Second,—All those born in any other part of the territory of the repub-
lic, who shall fix their residence in the state.
Third,—Foreigners, of whatever nation, now legally established in the
state.
Fourth,—Foreigners, who obtain from congress letters of citizenship,
or become domiciliated in the state according to the law that shall be en-
acted as soon as the general congress issues the general Nuturalization
Law, which, agreeably to the 27th prerogative conferred by the constitu-
tion of the republic, ought to be established.
Abt. 18. The following shall be freemen of Coahuila and Texas.
First,—All men born in the state and domiciliated in any part of the
territory thereof.
Second,—All citizens of the other states and territory of the republic,
as soon as they are domiciliated in the state.
Third,—All sons of Mexican citizens, born without the territory of
the republic, who establish their domicil in the state.
Fourth,—Foreigners, from whatever country, now legally domiciliated
in the state.
Fifth,—Foreigners, now enjoying the rights of Coahuiltexanos, who
shall obtain special certificates of citizenship from congress. The laws
shall prescribe the qualifications and conditions for granting them the
same.
Abt. 19. Those born within the territory of the republic, and foreign-
ers domiciliated therein (except minors, when the political liberties of the
country were proclaimed, who did not remain true to the cause of its
independence, but emigrated to a foreign country, or dependency of
Spain, shall neither be Coahuiltexians, nor citizens of Coahuila and
Texas.
Abt. 20. The rights of citizenship shall be forfeited.
First,—By becoming naturalized in a foreign country.
Second.—By admitting office, pension, or title form a foreign govern-
ment without permission from congress.
Third,—By receiving executory sentence, wherein corporal or dis-
graceful punishment is imposed.
Fourth,—By a person selling his vote, or buying that of another for
himself, or a third person, whether in popular assemblies, or in any other;
and by violation of public trust in the said assemblies, whether by presi-
dents, secretaries, tellers, or those discharging any other public func-
tion.
Fifth,—By having resided five years in succession without the territory
of the republic, without a commission from the general government or
that of the state, or without licence from the latter.
Abt. 21; A person who forfeits the rights of a citizen cannot recover
the same, unless reinstated therein by congress.
( 425 )