316
Constitution of Coahuila and Texas.
Art. 22. The exercise of the said rights shall be suspended.
First,—For moral or physical disability, after judicial investigation.
Second,—For not having attained the age of twenty-one years, except
married persons, who shall enjoy the said rights from the time they marry,
whatever be their age.
Third,—For being debtor to the public funds, the time of payment hav-
ing expired, and payment having been demanded.
Fourth,—For being under criminal prosecution, until acquitted or sen-
tenced to a punishment not corporal or disgraceful.
Fifth,—For having no employment, trade, or known way of sup-
port.
Sixth,—For not being able to read and write, but this provision shall
not take effect until after the year 1850, and with respect to those who
shall enter on the exercise of the rights of citizens after that time.
Art. 23. Only for the causes specified in articles 20 and 22 shall the
rights of citizenship be forfeited or suspended.
Art. 24. None but citizens in the exercise of their rights shall vote for
officers of the state in cases designated by law, and such only shall be
elected to the said officers, and all othes of the state.
Art. 25. Offices requiring persons belonging to any professional facul-
ty shall be excepted from the latter part of the preceding article, and may
be conferred upon persons not residing in the state.
FORM OF GOVERNMENT OF THE STATE.
Art. 26. The object of the government shall be the happiness of the
individuals who compose it, since the end of every political society is no
other than the wellbeing of its members.
Art. 27. The officers' of the gevernment cloathed with any kind of
authority are mere agents or delegates of the state, responsible to the
same for their political conduct.
Art. 28. The federal republican shall be the form of government of the
state. In pursuance thereof there shall be no hereditary office or privi-
lege in the state.
Art. 29. The supreme powers of the state shall be divided for its ex-
ercise into legislative, executive and judicial, and neither these three pow-
ers, or any two of the same, shall ever be united in one corporation or
person, nor shall the legislative be deposited in one individual alone.
Art. 30. The exercise of the legislative power shall reside in a congress
composed of deputies, chosen by the people.
Art. 31. The executive power shall reside in a citizen, to be styled the
governor of the state, and to be chosen by the people.	’
Art. 32. The exercise of the judicial power shall reside in the tribunals
and courts of justice established by this constitution.
(426 )