318
Constitution of Coahuila and Texas.
Abt. 40. The officers of the republic, or of the state, comprised in
the foregoing article, to be eligible as deputies, shall have entirely ceased,
in office four months previous to the election.
Abt. 41. Should the same person be chosen deputy proper for two
or more districts, he shall prefer the choice for that wherein he is
domiciliated for the time being. Should he not be domiciliated in either,
that of his native district shall prevail. Should he neither be domicili-
ated in, or a native of any of said districts, that of the one which the
deputy chosen shall himself designate, shall be effective. In either of
these cases, or in that of death, should it be impossible, in the opinion,
of congress, for the deputies proper to perform their functions; the re-
spective substitute deputies shall fill their places.
Abt. 42. Should the same person also prove to be elected substitute
deputy for two or more districts, the same order of preference shall be
observed as provided in the three first parts of the preceding article,
and in the other districts that remain without a. substitute deputy, the
vacancy shall be filled by the one who received in the respective electoral
assembly, the next highest number of votes to that of the one whose’
place is to be filled. In case of a tie, it shall be decided by lot.
Abt. 43. The deputies during the time of discharging their duties,
shall receive from the state treasury such pay as the preceding con-
gress shall assign them, and they shall furthermore be paid the amount
that said congress thinks proper for the expense they have to incur in
repairing to the place of session, and in returning home after the close of
the same.
Abt. 44. At no time, in no case, and to no authority shall the deputy
be responsible for the opinions they manifest in the discharge of their
duties. In criminal actions that should be commenced against them
they shall be tried by the tribunals hereinafter mentioned, and from
the day of their election until the expiration of the two years term of
service, they can be accused only before congress, which shall form itself
into a grand jury, for declaring whether there be a just ground of ac-
tion.
Abt. 45. During the time of their service, reckoned for this object
from the day of their election, they can obtain no office of provision of
the executive, either for themselves, or request it for another, not even
promotion, except by the scale in their respective career.
SECTION II.
ELECTION OF DEPUTIES.
Abt. 46. For the election of deputies, municipal and district electoral
assemblies shall be holden.
(428 )