Constitution of Coahuila and Texas.
319
PARAGRAPH FIRST.
Municipal Electoral Assemblies.
Art. 47. Municipal electoral assemblies shall be composed of citi-
zens in the enjoyment of their rights, domicilated and resident within the
limits of the respective Ayuntamiento. No person of this class shall
-decline attending the same.
Art. 48. Said assemblies shall be holden on the first Sunday, and day
following, in the month of August of the year preceding that of the re-
newal of congress, for choosing district electors, who are to elect the
deputies, and eight days previous, the president of each Ayuntamiento,
without the necessity of awaiting any orders shall. convoke the citizens
of his district by the proper edict, or as the custom may be, to con-
vene in order to hold the election at the time and in the manner this
constitution provides, previously giving notice to the haciendas and ran-
chos of said district that it may come to the knowledge of the inhabi-
tants thereof.
Art. 49. That the citizens may more conveniently attend, each Ayun-
tamiento, according to the locality and population of its territory, shall
determine the number of municipal assemblies to be formed within
its limits, and the public places where they shall be holden, designating
to each the places corresponding thereto.
Art. 50. They shall be presided, one by the chief of police, or the
Alcalde, and the rest by the other individuals of the Ayuntamiento, as it
shall fall to them. by lot, and in default of the latter, said corporation
shall choose for president of the respective municipal assembly, an in-
habitant of the district assigned thereto, who can read and write.
Art. 51. On the aforementioned Sunday in August, the hour of the
meeting having arrived, and the citizens assembled in the place ap-
pointed, being together, the said assembly shall commence by choosing
from among themselves, by majority of vote one secretary and two tellers,
who can also read and write.
Art. 52. The election shall remain open on both days specified in
article 48, four hours each, divided in morning and evening, and a reg-
ister shall be kept in each assembly to record therein the votes of the
citizens convened to choose the district electors, entering alphabetically
the names of the voters and candidates.
Art. 53. To be eligible as district elector it shall be required to be a.
citizen in the exercise of his rights, to have attained the age of twenty-
five years—to be able to read and write, and to be domiciliated and resi-
dent in the same district one year, immediately preceding the election.
Art. 54. Each citizen shall vote for the respective district elec-
tors, viva voce or in writing, in the former case the voter shall call the
name of those for whom he votes, in an audible voice, and should he
give in his vote in writing, the secretary shall read the ticket in the same
(429 )