320
Constitution of Coahuila and Texas.
manner, and enter the same in the register, indispensably in the presence
of the voter. No person shall vote for himself in this or the other elec-
toral acts under penalty of losing the right of voting.
Abt. 55. In a district where only one deputy is to be elected, eleven,
and where two or more, twenty-one electors shall be chosen.
Abt. 56. Doubts or controversies that arise whether any person or
persons present possess the qualifications required for voting shall be
decided verbally by the assembly, and the decision shall be executed
without appeal for that time and purpose only, it being understood that
the doubt shall not turn upon the provision of this constitution, or other
laws. Should there be a tie in resolving thereon, absolutory sentence
shall be given.
Abt. 51. Should complaints arise of bribery, subornation, or force
to cause the election to result in favor of particular persons, the case
shall be publicly and verbally canvassed and brought to a decision.
Should the accusation prove to be true, the offenders shall be deprived
of a voice, active and passive. False accusers shall suffer the same pen-
alty. From this decision there shall be no appeal. Doubts in regard
to the nature of the testimony shall be decided in the manner stated in
the preceding article.
Abt. 58. Municipal assemblies shall be holden with open doors, with-
out any guard and no person, of whatever class, shall appear armed
therein.
Abt. 59. The election on both days having terminated, the president,
secretary and tellers of each assembly shall proceed to count and cast up
the number of votes received by the several candidates in the register,
and sign the same, which having been done the assembly shall be dis-
solved, and any other act in which they interfere shall not only be null,
but shall be considered an offence against the public safety.—Said reg-
ister shall be delivered enclosed to the secretary of the respective Ayun-
tamiento.
Abt. 60. On the second Sunday of the month of August aforesaid,
each Ayuntamiento shall convene in their respective town halls in public
session. In their presence, the president, tellers and secretary of the
municipal assemblies being also present, the registers shall be opened,
and in view of all of said registers, a general list shall be formed al-
phabetically, comprising all the candidates and number of votes they
have received.
Abt. 61. Said list, and the act of corporation that shall be writ-
ten out relative to the subject, shall be signed by the president of the
Ayuntamiento, and secretary of the same, and the secretaries of the as-
semblies. Two copies of the aforementioned list shall then be drawn
off, authorized by the same persons, one which shall be immediately
posted in the most public place, and the other delivered with the corre-
sponding official letter, signed by the president of the Ayuntamiento to
two individuals whom said board shall appoint from its own body that
they may proceed to the capital of the district to join those commissioned
(430)