Constitution of Coahuila and Texas.
321
by the other Ayuntamientos, in order to make the general regulation of
the votes.
Art. 62. On the fourth Sunday in August those commissioned by
the Ayuntamientos shall present themselves, with the credentials of their
appointment, to the chief of police, and in his default, to the first al-
calde of the capital of the district, and the former or latter, as the case
may be, presiding, they shall meet in the town halls in public session,
and, in view of all the lists, shall form a general list of the persons chosen
district electors by the citizens of their respective district, stating the
number of votes they have received, and places of their residence.
Art. 63. In order to make the said general regulation of votes, the
concurrence of four commissioners at least shall be required. In dis-
tricts where said number cannot meet, the Ayuntamiento of the capital
town shall choose from their own body the persons wanting to complete
the same.
Art. 64. The citizens resulting, by this general scrutiny, to have the
greatest number of votes in the list, shall be considered constitutionally
chosen as electors In case of a tie between two or more persons it shall
be decided by lot.
Art. 65. The aforementioned list, and act relative to the subject shall
be signed by the president, commissioners, and secretary of the Ayunta-
miento of the capital of the district. Copies of both shall be drawn off
authenticated by the same persons, and forwarded by the president to the
permanent deputation of congress, to the governor of the state, and to
the Ayuntamientos within the precincts of the district.
Art. 66. Said president shall forward the corresponding official letter
forthwith to the electors chosen, in order that they may meet in the
capital of the district on the day provided by the constitution, for the
purpose of holding the electoral assembly of the same.
PARAGRAPH SECOND.
District Electoral Assemblies.
Art. 67. District electoral assemblies shall be composed of the electors
chosen by the citizens in the municipal assemblies, who shall meet in
the capital of the respective district to choose the deputy or deputies
corresponding thereto, to meet in congress as representatives of the
state.
Art. 68. Said assemblies shall be holden at the expiration of fifteen
days from making the general regulation of votes mentioned in article
62, the electors convening in the town halls or in the building con-
sidered most appropriate for so solemn an act, with open doors, and with-
out a guard, and no person, of whatever class, shall appear armed in the
said assemblies.
Art. 69. They shall be presided by the police chief and in his de-
fault, by the first alcalde of the capital of the district, commencing
their sessions by choosing from their own body, by majority of vote, a
secretary and two tellers; the president shall then cause the credentials
(431)