Constitution of Coahuila and Texas.
327
Aet. 98. The following shall be the powers of the standing depu-
tation.
First,—To watch over the observance of the constitutive act, constitu-
tion and general laws of the union, and the private laws of the state in
order to give notice to congress of the violations it may have noticed.
Second,—Convoke congress to extra session as the case may be, and in
the manner prescribed by this constitution.
Third,—Discharge the functions assigned it in articles 79 and 80.
Fourth,—Notify substitute deputies in order that they may join con-
gress in their turn in lieu of the deputies proper; and in case of default
or absolute impossibility of both, communicate the corresponding orders
to the respective district, that it may proceed to a new election.
Fif th,—Receive the certified copies of the acts of election of the elec-
toral district assemblies for governor, vice governor, and members of the
executive council, and deliver them to congress as soon as it. is installed.
SECTION V.
Formation and Promulgation of Laws.
Aet. 99. The form, intervals, and mode of proceeding in discussion
and in voting on projects of law or decree shall be provided in the internal
rules of congress.
Aet. 100. No project of law or decree that should be rejected accord-
ing to the rules, shall be again proposed until the ordinary sessions of the
year following; but this shall not prevent any one or more of their arti-
cles from forming a part of other projects not rejected.
Aet. 101. One more than the half of the entire number of deputies
shall form a quorum for dictating measures and steps not possessing the
character of law or decree. For discussing and voting upon projects of
law or decree, and dictating orders of great importance, the concurrence
of two-thirds of all the members shall be required.
Aet. 102. Should a project of law or decree, after being discussed, be
approved, it shall be communicated to the governor, who, should he also
approve it, shall immediately proceed to promulgate and circulate the
same with the corresponding formalities; but should he not, he may make
thereon such observations as he may deem proper, previously hearing the
council, and shall return the same with his remarks to congress within
ten available days, reckoned from its reception.
Aet. 103. The projects of law or decree returned by the governor ac-
cording to the preceding article shall be discussed the second time, and
the public speaker, whom the executive should designate, may attend the
discussion. Should they be approved by two-thirds of the members pres-
ent, in this second discussion, they shall be again communicated to the
governor, who, without objecting, shall immediately proceed to
their formal promulgation and circulation, but should the said
(437 )