328
Constitution of Coahuila and Texas.
projects not be approved in this form, they cannot be again proposed un-
til the sessions of the year following.
Abt. 104. Should any project of law or decree, not be returned by the
governor within the time assigned'in article 102, it shall be considered
from that very fact as sanctioned, and shall be promulgated as such,
unless congress should have closed or suspended its sessions during said
term, in which case it shall be returned on the first day of the next term
of session.
Abt. 105. Laws shall be repealed with the same formalities, and by the
same steps as they are established.
APPENDIX TO TITLE FIRST.
Election of Deputies to the General Congress.
Abt. 106. The electoral district assemblies, on the same day, and in
the same method they must perform the election of deputies to the state
congress, shall proceed to elect the individuals who are to elect the depu-
ties to the general congress, choosing, for every seven thousand souls, one
person possessing the qualifications required by article 53 of this constitu-
tion. In districts wherein there proves to be an excess of population of
more than three thousand five hundred souls, for this fraction another
elector shall be chosen, and in those, whose populaion does not amount
to seven thousand, one shall be chosen notwithstanding. The election
having closed, said juntas shall forward a certified copy of their act to
the vice governor of the state, and also the corresponding attested copy to
each person elected, to serve him as a credential.
Abt. 107. The electors thus chosen shall repair to the capitol of the
state where they shall present themselves to the vice governor, or person
acting in his stead, and convening under the presidence of either three
days previous to the first Sunday of October, in public session, in the
building they consider most appropriate, they shall choose from among
themselves two tellers and a secretary that they may examine the creden-
tials, and report on the day following whether they are in conformity to
law. A committee of three persons shall likewise be chosen, to examine
the credentials of the secretary and tellers.
Abt. 108. On the day following they shall again assemble, the minutes
shall be read, and should any defect be found in the credentials or quali-
fications of the electors, the meeting shall decide without adjourning,
and the resolution thereof shall be carried into effect without appeal, for
that time and case only, it being understood that the doubt cannot turn
upon any provision in this or any other law.
Abt. 109. On the first Sunday of the aforementioned month of Oc-
tober, the electors having convened, and one more than the half of them
all being present, in the form provided by this constitution for the
election of deputies to the state congress, they shall proceed to the elec-
tion of those who are to represent the state in the general congress.
(438 )