Constitution of Coahuila and Texas.
331
unless it should be necessary for a purpose of manifest public utility in
the judgment of the executive council, in which case he may do so with
the concurrence of the council, and approval of congress, and during the
recess, of the permanent deputation, always indemnifying the party in-
terested agreeably to the opinion of appraisers chosen by the executive
and the said party.
Fifth.—Impede or embarrass in any manner, or under any pretence the
popular elections determined by this constitution and the laws, or that
they have their entire effect.
Sixth,—Leave the capitol to go to any other part of the state for a
longer time than one month; should he require a longer time, or should
he be under the necessity of leaving the state, he shall request licence
from congress, and during the recess, from the permanent deputation.
Art 114. For publishing the laws and decrees of the congress of the
state the governor shall use the following form:
“The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the' inhabi-
tants thereof: Be it known, that the Congress of the State has decreed
as follows:—
(The original words of the Jaw ot decree to be here inserted.)
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, and duly fulfilled.
SECTION II.
Vice - Gov ern o r.
ART. 115. There shall likewise be a vice-governor in the state, having
the same qualifications as those required for governor; his term of office
four years, and he cannot be re-elected to the same office until on the
fourth year from having ceased in his functions.
Art. 116. The vice-governor shall preside over the council, but with-
out having a vote, except in case of a tie. He shall also be the police
chief of the department of the capitol; and when he officiates as gover-
nor the office of political chief shall be discharged by a substitute, whom
he shall himself appoint provisionally with the approval of the council.
Art. 117. The vice-governor shall discharge the office of governor
during its vacancy, or when the latter in the opinion of congress or the
permanent deputation is impeded from serving.
Art. 118. When the vice-governor also fails, the councillor whom con-
gress appoints shall act in the place of Governor. Should it be during
recess, the appointment shall be made provisionally, until the meeting of
congress, by the permanent deputation.
Art. 119. In case of decease or absolute impossibility during the first
two years of exercising their functions, a new governor or vice-governor
shall be chosen at the time of holding the next election for deputies to
congress.
Abt. 120. For crimes of any kind whatever, committed during his
term of office, the vice-governor can be accused only before congress.
(441)