Constitution of Coahuila and Texas.
333
SECTION IV.
Election oj Governor, Vice-Governor and Councillors.
Art. 129. On the day following the election of deputies to congress
each and every electoral district junta shall choose a governor, vice gov-
ernor, three councillors proper and two substitutes, holding said election
in the mode and manner provided in articles 71, 72, 73 and 74.
Art. 130. Said election having closed, a list signed by the secretary of
the assembly, comprising the names of the persons elected and offices for
which they were chosen, shall be immediately posted in the most public
place. The acts shall be signed by the president and electors, and at-
tested copies thereof authorized by the said president, secretary and tell-
ers shall be transmitted, enclosed in a certified sheet, to the standing
deputation.
Art. 131. On the day the first ordinary sessions of congress are opened,
the ex-president of the standing deputation shall present the aforemen-
tioned attested copies, and after they are read, congress shall choose a
committee from its own body, to which they shall be referred, that said
committee may review the same and report thereon on the third day.
Art. 132. On said day congress shall proceed to determine the elec-
tions made by the districts, and compute the votes.
Art. 133. The person who receives the absolute majority of votes
of the district electoral assemblies, to be computed according to the whole
number of voters composing the same, shall be governor, vice governor,
or councillor, as the election under consideration may be.
Art. 134. Should no person receive the aforesaid majority, congress
• shall elect for said offices one of the two or more individuals having the
highest number of votes; and the same shall be done when no one has said
respective majority, but all an equal number of votes.
Art. 135. Should one person only receive the respective majority, and
two or more an equal number of votes, but greater than that of all the
■others, congress shall elect one individual from among the former, to be
run in competition for the election, with the person who received the re-
■spective majority.
Art. 136. In case of tie, the balloting shall be repeated once only,
and should there still be a tie it shall be determined by lot.
Art. 137. The office of governor, vice governor and councillors shall
be discharged in preference to any other whatever in the state, and shall
successively have the same preference among themselves. Those elected
do said stations shall take possession thereof on the first of March, and
they cannot decline serving, except the deputies to congress at the time
of the election, and those who, in the judgment of said congress, are mor-
ally or physically disabled.
Art. 138. Should the governor elect from any cause, not be pres-
ent on said day to enter on the performance of his functions, the vice-
(443 )