334
Constitution of Coahuila and Texas.
governor newly chosen shall enter on the discharge of the office, and
should he also be absent, his default shall be supplied agreeably to arti-
cle 118.
SECTION V.
SECRETARY OF STATE.
Abt. 139. The despatch of all business whatever pertaining to the
executive department of the state shall be under the charge of a secretary,,
to be styled Secretary of State.
Abt. 140. For holding said office, it shall be required to be a citizen
in the exercise of his rights, over twenty-five years of age, a native of this,
republic, an inhabitant of this state, with three years residence therein,,
and one year immediately preceding his election. Ecclesiastics cannot
hold said office.
Abt. 141. All laws, decrees, orders regulations and instruc- cir-
culated to the towns, or directed by the governor to a particular corpora-
tion or person, as well as the copies emanating from the department shall
be authoriaed by the secretary, and without this requisite they shall not
be obeyed, or be productive of faith.
Abt. 142. The secretary shall be responsible with his person and office
for whatever he authorizes with his signature contrary to the constitutive-
act, the constitution and general laws of the union, or private constitu-
tion and laws of the state, and orders of the president of the republic not
manifestly opposed to said constitution and laws, without availing him
as an excuse, his having done so by order of the governor.
Abt. 143. For the internal administration of his office the rules which .
the secretary shall form, and congress approve, shall be observed.
Abt. 144. Said public officer, also the governor, vice-governor and
councillors shall cease, during their trust, to discharge the duties of any
public stations they were filling, as soon as they have taken possession of
office.
SECTION VI.
Department Police Chiefs, and Subordinate or District Chiefs.
ART. 145. In the capital of each department of the state there shall
be an officer charged with the political administration thereof, to be
styled Department Police Chief.
Abt. 146. To be a department chief it shall be required to be a citizen
in the exercise of his rights, to have attained the age of twenty-five years,
to be an inhabitant of the state, with three years residence therein, and
one of which immediately preceding his election.
Abt. 147. The governor on nomination of three by the council, sup-
ported by reports from the Ayuntamientos of the respective department,
shall appoint the department chiefs, except the one in the capital.
(444 )