Constitution of Coaliuila and Texas.
335
Abt. 148. The chiefs of department shall be immediately subject to
the governor, and in no way to each other.
Abt. 149. In the capitol of each district, except the one where the de-
partment chief resides, there shall be furthermore, a subordinate or dis-
trict chief, appointed by the executive on nomination of three by the
said chief of department.
Abt. 150. The subordinate or district shall possess the same qualifica-
tions as the department chiefs, with the difference that the domiciliation
and residence must be within the precincts of the same district; and they
shall furthermore, have some honorable way of living, sufficient to afford
them a suitable support.
Abt. 151. The term of office of the district shall be the same as that
of the department chiefs, and, on nomination by the latter, they may also
continue in office.
Abt. 152. No one can decline serving in said trusts, except in case of
re-election to the same within four years of the time of serving, or from
some other legal cause in the opinion of the governor, who shall resolve
after hearing the respective chief of department.
. Abt. 153. Both of these and the department chiefs shall be respon-
sible for all their acts of omission against the constitution and general
laws of the republic, and those of the states, the former to said chiefs of
department, under whose immediate orders they shall act, and the latter
to the governor.
Abt. 154. The attributes of both chiefs, and the manner they are to
■exercise the same, shall be detailed in the regulations for the politico-
financial administration of the towns.
SECTION VII.
Ayuntamientos.
ART. 155. It shall belong to the Ayuntamientos to attend carefully
to the police, and internal administration of the towns of the state, and
there shall be Ayuntamientos in all those towns where they have hereto-
fore existed.
Abt. 156. Ayuntamientos shall be established in towns where there are
none, wherein it is proper they should exist, and they shall be estab-
lished without fail in the district capitals, whatever be the population
thereof, and in towns which, of themselves or with the territory they em-
brace contain a population to the amount of one thousand souls, unless
-said towns should.be annexed to another municipality, in which case,
(since from other considerations it may not be proper for them to sep-
arate,) in order that they may have an Ayuntamiento, it' shall be so de-
clared by congress, after receiving the report of the governor, and the
■despatch that shall be formed, assigning the limits that are to embrace the
new municipality.
Abt. 157. Towns that should not possess the population assigned,
and which find, it practicable being advantageously annexed to
(445)