Constitution of Coahuila and Texas.
337
TITLE III.
JUDICIAL POWER.
SOLE SECTION.
Administration of Justice in general.
Art. 168. The administration of justice in civil and criminal cases shall
exclusively belong to the tribunals and courts of justice which agreeably
to the constitution should exercise the judicial power.
Art. 169. Neither congress, or the governor can remove cases pending
from an inferior to a superior court; nor can the tribunals and courts of
justice themselves open those already concluded.
Art. 170. Every inhabitant of the state shall be judged by competent
tribunals and judges, established prior to the act by which he is judged,
and in no way by special commission, or retroactive law.
Art. 171. The laws shall regulate the order and formalities to be ob-
served in suits at law. These shall be uniform in all the courts of jus-
tice and tribunals, and no authority can dispense therewith.
Art. 173. The tribunals and courts of justice, being authorised solely
for applying the laws, shall never interpret the same, or suspend their
execution.
Art. 173. Military men and ecclesiastics, residing in the state, shall
continue subject to their respective authorities.
Art. 174. No affair shall have more than three processes, and a like
number of determinate decisions. The law shall provide which of said
sentences shall produce a warrant of attorney, and from said sentence no
other appeal shall be admitted than that of nullity, in the form, and for
the purposes the law provides.
Art. 175. A judge who has rendered a decision in a case, in any
process thereof, cannot take cognizance'anew in any other process what-
ever, or in appeal of nullity interposed in said. case.
Art. 176. Bribery, subornation and prevarication are ground for pub-
lic action against the magistrate or judge who should commit the same.
Art. 177. Justice shall be administered in the name of the state, in the
manner the laws prescribe.
PARAGRAPH FIRST.
Administration of Justice in Civil Matters.
ART. 178. Every inhabitant of the state shall be perfectly free to ter-
minate his controversies, whatever be the state of the trial, by means
of arbitrators, or in any other extrajudicial manner. His agree-
(447)