338
Constitution of Coahuila and Texas.
ments in this particular shall be strictly observed, and the decisions of
arbitrators executed, should the parties on making the mutual promise
not reserve the right of appeal.
Art. 179. Cases of a small amount shall be 'terminated by executive
measures which shall be executed without any recourse. A particular
law shall fix the sum and mode of proceeding therein.
Art. 180. In other civil and criminal matters in respect to wrongs
there shall be a trial by conciliation, and without proving that this means
has been attempted a trial by writing cannot be established, except
in cases which the law itself shall determine.
PARAGRAPH SECOND.
Administration of Justice in Criminal Matters.
ART. 181. All criminal actions, for light transgressions that should
he punished by correctional penalties, shall be decided by executive judg-
ment without the form or shape of trial, and from the result no appeal,
or any other recourse can be interposed. The law shall assign said penal-
ties, and determine the crimes to which they correspond.
Art. 182. In grave offences summary information of the fact shall be
drawn up authoritatively, without which requisite and that of the cor-
responding consequent warrant that shall be notified to the accused, and
a copy thereof communicated to the jailor, no person can be a prisoner.
Art. 183. Should the judges not be able immediately to fulfil the pro-
vision of the preceding articles, the person arrested shall not be consid-
ered a prisoner but in the light of one detained; and should the jail war-
rant not be made known to him within forty-eight hours, and communi-
cated to the jailor, he shall be discharged.
Art. 184. A person who gives bail in said cases, wherein it is not ex-
pressly prohibited by law, shall not be taken to prison, and in whatever
state of the cause it appears that corporal penalty cannot be imposed on
the prisoner, he shall be released under bail.
Art. 185. Those who have to declare in criminal matters upon their
own actions shall do so without being under oath.
Art. 186. All persons may arrest a delinquent in the act, and conduct
him to the presence of the judge.
Art. 187. The greatest care shall be taken that the jails serve only for
securing, and not for molesting the accused.
Art. 188. Criminal causes shall be public, in the manner and form
the laws provide, as soon as it is proposed to receive the declaration of
the accused in reply to the charges.
Art. 189. The confiscation of property shall forever be prohibited, and
even the seizure thereof can only be effected on proceeding in crimes in-
volving a pecuniary responsibility, and only in proportion thereto.
(448)