The Goliad Declaration of Independence.
5
principles” of a constitution, for “the principles” of Independence, or
for those of Freedom and Sovereignty, boldly, and with one voice, pro-
claim the Independence of Texas. Let the convention frame a constitu-
tion for the future government of this favored land. Let them guard
the instrument securely, by the introduction of a full, clear, and com-
prehensive bill of rights. Let all this be done as speedily as possible.
Much useful labor has already been performed; but much is yet required
to complete the work.
The foregoing, we are fully aware, is a blunt, and in some respects a
humiliating, but a faithful picture. However much we may wish, or
however much we may be interested, or feel disposed to deceive our
enemy, let us carefully guard against deceiving ourselves. We are in more
danger from this—from his insinuating, secret, silent, and unseen influ-
ence in our councils, both in the field and in the cabinet, and from the
use of his silver and gold, than from his numbers, his organization, or
the concentration of .his power in a single arm. The gold of Philip pur-
chased what his arms could not subdue—the liberties of Greece. Our
enemy, too, holds this weapon. Look well to this, people of Texas, in the
exercise of suffrage. Look to it, Counselors, your appointments to of-
fice. Integrity is a precious jewel.
Men of Texas! nothing short of independence can place us on solid
ground. This step will. This step, too, will entitle us to confidence, and
will procure us credit abroad. Without it, every aid we receive must
emanate from the enthusiasm of the moment, and with the moment, will
be liable to pass away or die forever/ Unless we take this step, no for-
eign power can either respect or even know us. None will hazard a rup-
ture with Mexico, impotent as she is, or incur censure from other powers
for interference with the internal affairs of a friendly State, to aid us in
any way whatever. Our letters of marque and reprisal must float at the
mercy of every nation on the ocean. And whatever courtesy or kindred
feeling may do, or forbear to do, in aid of our struggle, prosecuted on
the present basis, it would be idle and worse than child-like to flatter
ourselves with the hope of any permanent benefit from this branch of
the service, without frankly declaring to the world, as a people, our in-
dependence of military Mexico. Let us then take the tyrant and his
hirelings at their word. They will not know us but as enemies. Let us,
then, know them hereafter, as other independent States know each other
—as “enemies in war, in peace, friends.” Therefore,
1.	Be it Resolved, That the former province and department of Texas
is, and of right ought to be, a free, sovereign and independent State.
2.	That as such, is has, and of right ought to have, all the • powers,
faculties, attributes, and immunities of other independent nations.
3.	That we, who hereto set our names, pledge to each other our lives,
our fortunes, and our sacred honor, to sustain this declaration—relying
with our entire confidence upon the co-operation of our fellow-citizens,
and the approving smiles of the God of the living, to aid and conduct
us victoriously through the struggle, to the enjoyment of peace, union,
and good government; and invoking his malediction if we should either
equivocate, or, in any manner whatever, prove ourselves unworthy of
the high destiny at which we aim.
(819)