4
Lazos and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
DECBEE No. 1.
The constituent Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has
thought frozen to decree as follows:
1st. Said Congress is solemnly and legally installed in conformity
‘to the decrees relative to its institution, and qualified to exercise its func-
tions agreeably to the constitutive act of the Mexican Confederation,
and other federal laws, that have been, or may be hereafter enacted by
the general congress.
2d. The State of Coahuila and Texas is an integral part of the federa-
tion, equal to the other States of which the same is composed, and is
free, sovereign and independent in whatever exclusivly relates to the
internal administration and government thereof, agreeably to the consti-
tutive act, and to the constitution of the United Mexican States, which
shall be promulgated by the general Congress.
3d. The territory of the State shall be that recognized as both prov-
inces until the present time.
4th. The State of Coahuila and Texas solemnly pledges itself to obey
and to sustain at all hazards the supreme federal powers, and its own
federal union with the rest of the States, and the constitutional inde-
. pendence of all and each one of the same.
5 th. The Deputies shall be inviolable as regards their opinions, and at
no time, in no case, and by no authority shall they be called to account
for the same, and with respect to the causes or demands against them,
the same shall be observed as provided for the Deputies of the general
Congress.
6th. As the form of its government is representative, popular, and
federal, and, in order to its exercise ought to be divided into the three
powers, legislative, executive and judicial, the first is vested in Congress.
7th. The executive power shall be provisionally deposited in one sole
person, who shall be styled the Governor of the State, and shall be ap-
pointed by Congress.
8th. For the better discharge of his functions Congress shall appoint
him a council, composed of a Vice Governor and four other persons,
the former supplying any default of the Governor in case of vacancy,
or should he be rendered unable to discharge his office by moral or
physical impediment. The Governor shall consult with this council
on all occasions he shall -deem proper, and it shall be his duty to do so
in all cases, and in the manner the laws do now or shall hereafter pro-
vide.
9th. The ordinary powers granted the Executive of the Union by
the constitutive act shall constitute his powers in the State, with the ex-
ception of such as are exclusively reserved to the federation in the same
act.
10th. The judicial power shall for the present be vested in the authori-
ties, by which it is now exercised in the State, and in the administration
of justice they shall be governed by the laws in use, so far as they are
not opposed to the form of government adopted.
(114)