Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
7
DECREE No. 5.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree as follows:
1st. The style of address of Congress, both verbally and in writing,
shall be impersonal, and it shall have the title of Honorable.
2d. The style of address of the President shall be that of Excellency;
and of the Secretaries, that of Lordship, in official correspondence only.
3d. The Governor’s style of address shall be that of Excellency, in
official correspondence.
4th. The Lieutenant Governor, when acting as Governor, shall have
the same style of address.
The governor of the state ad interim shall cause the same to be pub-
lished and circulated for its fulfilment.
Given at Saltillo the 21st of August, 1824.
DECREE No. 6.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree as follows:
Corporations without the capital, that have to congratulate congress, .
shall do so in writing, and not through the intervention of a third person.
The Governor of the State ad interim shall cause the same to be pub-
lished and circulated for its fulfilment.
Given in Saltillo the 24th of August, 1824.
DEGREE No. 7.
The constituent Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, in exer-
cise of the powers granted the same by decree of the general Congress
of the 13th of July last, and in compliance with the other provisions
therein, relative to the elections of deputies to the future constitu-
tional congress, in order that the election of those corresponding to
the State may be made, has thought proper to decree as follows:
ARTICLE 1. For the chamber of representatives of the general Con-
gress, the State of Coahuila and Texas shall appoint one deputy pro-
prietor, and one supletory.
Abt. 2. Said deputies shall possess the qualifications specified in the
articles of the constitution, comprised in the decree of the 13th of June
of the current year.
Abt. 3. The deputies of the constituent Congress of the State cannot
be appointed either primary or secondary electors.
Abt. 4. Primary, secondary and State juntas shall be holden for the
election of deputy proprietor and supletory.
Abt. 5. The primary meetings shall be holden on the third, and and
the secondary on the fourth Sunday of September next, and those of
the State shall be holden in this capital on the third Sunday of October.
(117)