8
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Art. 6. The primary meetings shall be presided over by the first
Alcalde, or the person acting in his place, in the respective municipality;
the secondary, by the first Alcalde, or the person acting in his stead, in
the chief town of the district, and the third junta by the Governor of
the State.
Art. 7. In all other respects, the meetings shall be holden according
to the provision of the convocation law of the 17th of June, 1823, rela-
tive to the election of deputies to the general Congress.
'Art. 8. The provision of the decree of the 4th instant shall be borne
in mind, and observed in the State juntas.
For its fulfilment, the governor of the State ad interim shall cause
it to be published and circulated.
Saltillo, August 28th, 1824.
DECREE No. 8.
The constituent Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought
proper to decree as follows:
1st. The constituent Congress of the State having been installed
agreeably to the constitutive act, the political chief, and the deputation
of Texas, have ceased in their functions, as has already taken place with
respect to the authorities of the same class in Coahuila.
2d. Said authorities, on retiring, shall provide that their respective
archives be delivered by a formal inventory, those of the political chief
to the Governor of the State, and those of the deputation to the secre-
taries of Congress.
For the fulfilment thereof, the Governor of the State shall order it to
be published and circulated.
Saltillo, August 28th, 1824.
DECREE No. 9.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, exercising the powers
granted the same by articles 8 and 9 of the decree of the general Con-
gress of the 4th instant, in compliance therewith, also with the 12th
regulation, which the supreme executive transmits annexed to the
same, has thought proper to decree as follows:
1st. A public session shall be holden on Sunday, the 24th instant, at
which the constitution of this Republic shall be read entire, also the
decree of the general Congress relative to the oath of observance thereof.
2d. On conclusion of the reading, the President of Congress, after
taking the oath administered by one of the secretaries, shall administer
the same to the deputies, and it shall be taken by all after the form of
article eleven of the decree aforesaid.
3d. The Governor of the State shall then present himself in the hall
of sessions, and take the same oath: and on conclusion of this act, the
officers shall proceed to the parish church, where a solemn mass shall
be said as an act of gratitude, and the authorities shall be present.
(118)