Laios and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
9
4th. These, and the other corporations, and officers of the State, of
whatever class or rank, shall swear to observe the federal constitution
of the Mexican Republic after the form aforesaid, and in the following
terms:
5th. The Ayuntamiento, ecclesiastical authority, superiors attached to
establishments for public business, and the prelate of the religious order
of San Francisco of this capital, shall take the oath before the Governor
of the State. Those elsewhere before the president of the constitutional
Ayuntamiento, and their subordinates, before their respective superiors.
Ecclesiastics present, in the capital, shall take the oath before the curate,
and those of the religious order before their prelate.
6th. Presidents of Ayuntamientos, in other parts of the State, shall
take the oath before said corporations, which, as also that of the capital,
shall administer it to the people after the customary form.
7th. The chiefs, officers and privates of the militia of the State shall
take the oath with their colors placed in front.
Sth. The attested copies and certificates provided in the 13th artible
of the decree of the general Congress, and ordered by the 12th article of
regulations of the supreme executive to be forwarded by duplicate to the
department of relations, shall be transmitted by triplicate to the Gover-
nor, that due evidence may remain in his archives, whereof he shall give
notice to Congress.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State ad interim shall cause it
to be published and circulated.
Given at Saltillo, October 21st, 1824.
DECREE No. 10.
The constituent Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought
proper to decree as follows:
1st. That at the church festival on the morrow, and others which the
Governor of the State shall attend from etiquette; he shall be received
with the solemnities prescribed by the Roman Ritual and laws of the
Indies for receiving patrons.
2d. That the attendance of the Governor in the parish church on the
morrow, being the first entrance therein from ceremony, the solemnities
provided for these occasions by the ritual and said laws, shall be ob-
served in his reception.
For its fulfilment, the Governor ad interim of the State shall cause it
to be published and circulated.
Given in Salitllo on the 23d of October, 1824.
DECREE No. 11.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree the following:
1st. The Governor shall estimate, as nearly as practicable, the quan-
tity of stamped paper of the different kinds required for the consump-
tion of the state for the rest of the year, and for the whole of 1825,
(119)