10
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
and agreeably to the order of the national executive, issued by the Treas-
ury Department, bearing date the 2d of November, he shall demand it
of the officers where it is on hand, and where, by previous direction of
the said executive, it was ordered to be retained.
2d. The same shall be received with the proper specified account, and
agreeably to the requisition prescribed in the aforesaid order of the 2d
of November.
3d. In pursuance thereof, that the same be legalized by the State, the
Governor shall order a seal engraved, bearing the following inscription:
Legalized by the State of Coahuila and Texas for the two years term of
1824 and 1825.
4th. For the sake of economy, and that all the towns of the State may
be more readily supplied with the article, the agents of the tobacco estab-
lishments of this capital, and the city of Monciova, shall transact this
business for the present; said agents, and others of the same class, remain-
ing in charge of the direction and issue thereof, under the immediate
inspection of Government; in all other respects, the law of the 6th
of October, 1823, relative to stamped paper, shall be observed so far as
it is applicable to the State.
5th. The revenue arising from stamped paper being one of the rents
corresponding to the State, the Governor shall, from the 1st instant,
apprize the agents employed in the offices to which the quantity on hand
is remitted, that from the date aforesaid until its issue, legalized by the
State, the proceeds of the sale thereof belong to the State; at the same
time they shall keep an exact account of the value of the same, to shew
what this branch produces to the State revenue.
6th. Notwithstanding there is known to be no official paper of the
4th stamp among the various kinds in this capital, for such use as the
abovementioned law on the subject provides for that of this description,
the Governor shall direct another stamp to be made, bearing the rubric
official, to be impressed upon paper of the 4th stamp, on the part re-
quired.
7th. It being the duty of the Governor to attend to collecting the
seals on completing the legalization of the paper, should there happen
to be a deficiency in any of the different kinds, during the two years
term of the issue thereof, the agents entrusted, with the concurrence of
the first Alcalde, or the- person officiating in his place in the town, shall
legalize the quantity required, and they shall solicit the same for this
object: the agent of Monclova shall give notice of the quantity he shall
have legalized to supply any deficiency, until he can be furnished there-
with.
8th. Until a new seal shall be engraved for drafts and receipts with
the inscription and requisites provided in the 1st section of the aforesaid
law of the general Congress, which the executive shall order to be exe-
cuted as soon as possible, the latter shall demand of the agency of Mon-
clova the quantity of that description required for supplying this capital
and Parras.
(120)