Laics and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
13
Art. 13.. He shall preside at all the public festivals which the law
requires him to attend, and officially only: the style of his address shall
be that of Lordship.
Art. 14. He shall see that all the Ayuntamientos in the department
discharge the obligations and trusts imposed upon them by the laws that
are now, or shall be hereafter in force.
Art. 15. He shall be the sole channel of communication between the
Ayuntamientos and the government, except in cases of complaint against
himself, on the part of the Ayuntamientos, which can be made directly
to the government. Moreover, he shall take care to circulate in all the
departments the laws and decrees communicated to him by the executive,
causing the same to be strictly observed.
Abt. 16. Should any one, or more, of the members of the Ayunta-
mientos of his department fail to comply with their official or adminis-
trative duties, on having a justifiable cause, he shall have power to sus-
pend the same, giving immediate notice thereof to the executive, with
the respective record.
Art. 17. It shall be the duty of the chief of the department to take
cognizance in applications and doubts that occur, -with regard to deter-
mining upon official letters of the Ayuntamientos, which he shall decide
executively, in an instructive manner, without a judicial contest or de-
bate, according to the existing arrangements.
. Art. 18. All administrative records, relative to complaints, doubts, or
remonstrances, of the towns and individuals, shall be issued gratis in the
department.
Abt. 19. He shall inform the executive of the abuses he may observe
in the administration of justice, and in that of the public rents of that
department.
Art. 20. He shall also, through the medium of the Governor of the
State, give notice to Congress. with the data to support the charge, of
the infringements of the constitution he may observe in his department.
Art. 21. He shall not interfere in any subject of litigation, nor offici-
ate as conciliator.
Art. 22. Said chief shall have a secretrary, appointed by himself, and
approved by the Governor, on whose proposal Congress shall determine
the salary the said officer shall receive, and also the expense of the secre-
tary’s office.
Art. 23. The Governor of the State, with the knowledge of Congress,
shall appoint the chief of department, and shall propose the salary that
ought to be assigned the same.
Art. 24. The aforesaid chief, for the better discharge of his attributes,
shall have power to employ his subordinates, and should he moreover
think it necessary to have the assistance of another person, on account
of the extent of his department, and the various places requiring his
attention, he shall inform the Governor of his views on the subject, who
shall communicate the same to Congress, that the latter may provide as
shall he proper.
( 123 )