14
Laivs and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Art. 25. In case of sudden impossibility, or temporary inability on
the part of the chief of department, the ex-Alcalde of the principal town
shall officiate in his place until the executive provides as shall be ex-
pedient.
For the fulfilment thereof, the Governor ad interim of the state shall
cause the same to be published and circulated.
Given at Saltillo the 1st of February, 1825.
DECREE No. 14.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, exercising the powers
granted the States by the general Congress, in the decree of the 22d
of December last, has thought proper to decree as follows:
A three per cent, duty of consumption shall, for the present, be estab-
lished in the custom house of this capital, and the receiver’s office of
Parras only, upon foreign effects, upon the invoices made in the mari-
time custom houses at the time of the introduction thereof.
The Governor ad interim of the State, for the fulfillment thereof, shall
cause the same to be published and circulated.
Given at Saltillo on the 15th of February, 1824.
DECREE No. 15.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree as follows:
ARTICLE 1. In the different places to which it belongs, and where
the same have not yet had their due and entire effect, the executive
shall order the immediate fulfilment of the decree of the general Con-
gress of the 9th of February, of the year last past, the provisions of the
supreme executive of the 12th of the same month, and the regulations
of the Sth of December last, relative to the new project and arrangement
of the tobacco income.
Art. 2. Should there be no judges in this capital capable of duly
attesting and classifying the various kinds of tobacco, the value of which
has to be paid to the holders thereof, according to its class, the executive
shall order that of the tobacco, which, on examination thereof for this
sole object in the places where it is found to exist, shall prove to be
profitable and fit for consumption, both crude and manufactured, the
necessary quantity shall be forwarded to the manufactory of Mexico,
that the same may be duly attested and classified, taking measures to
prevent the transportation thereof being attended with unnecessary ex-
pense.
Art. 3. The executive, after being informed of the classification of
the different kinds of tobacco, shall take care that the value thereof be
punctually paid within such prudential term as he shall compute to be
consistent with the different attentions of that branch of the revenue.
Art. 4. After the publication of this law in the chief towns of the
districts, the sale and consumption of tobacco, crude and manufac-
tured, shall be prohibited; in pursuance thereof the State alone can
(124)