Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
17
ing absolutely null, should they not present one hundred families at
the least.
Art. 9. Contracts made by the contractors or empresarios with the
families which come at their expense, shall be guaranteed by this law,
so far as they are in conformity with the provisions thereof.
Art. 10. In the distribution of lands, a preference shall be given
to the military, in consideration of the patents issued them by the
supreme executive entitling them to land, and to Mexican citizens not
military, between whom no other distinction shall be made than such
as is founded in their special merit and services rendered the country,
or in equal circumstances, a residence in the place where the land is
situated. The quantity, whereby the lands are to be distributed, shall
be designated in the following articles:
AET. 11. A square of land measuring one league, consisting of five
thousand varas on each side, or what is the same thing, a superficies
containing twenty-five million varas, shall be called a sitio, and this
shall be the unit for enumerating one, two or more sitios, in the same
manner as one million square varas, or one thousand square varas on each
side, which shall constitute a labor, shall be the unit for counting one,
two or more labores. The vara for this measure shall consist of three
geometrical feet.
Art. 12. Adopting the aforesaid unit as a standard, and observing the
distinction to be made on distributing lands, between grazing lands
or those suitable for stock raising, and irrigable tillage land, and
that which is not irrigable, this law shall grant to the contractor or
■contractors for forming new settlements, five sitios of grazing land, and
five labores, of which at least one half shall be land not irrigable, for
every hundred families they shall introduce and establish in the State;
but they shall receive this premium only for eight hundred families,
.although they should introduce more; and no fraction whatever, not
completing one hundred, shall entitle them to a premium, not even pro-
portionally.
Art. 13. Should any contractor or contractors, on account of the
families they shall have introduced, be entitled, according to the fore-
going article, to more then eleven square leagues of land, it shall be
granted them, but they shall be obligated to alienate the excess within
twelve years: and should they not, it shall be done by the respective
political authority at public sale, delivering the proceeds to the owners
thereof, after deducting the costs of sale.
Art. 14. One labor shall be granted to each family included in the
contract, whose only occupation is the cultivation of the soil; and should
the same also raise stock, grazing land shall be added to complete a
sitio; and should the raising of stock be the exclusive occupation, the
family shall receive a superficies of twenty-four million square varas, (be-
ing a sitio lacking one labor.)
Art. 15. Unmarried men shall receive the same quantity on mar-
rying, and foreigners, who marry natives of the country, shall receive
(127)