18
Laivs and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
one-fourth more; those who are entirely single, or who do not com-
pose a part of any family, contenting themselves rather with the fourth
part of the quantity aforesaid, which shall be computed to them on the
assignment of their land.
Abt. 16. Families and single men who, having emigrated separately
and at their own expense, shall wish to annex themselves to any of the
new settlements, can do so at all times, and the same quantity of land
shall be respectively assigned them, as specified in the two foregoing,
articles; but should they do so within the first six years from the estab-
lishment of the settlement, one labor more shall be granted to families;,
and single men, instead of one-fourth, as specified in article 15, shall re-
ceive one-third.
Abt. 17. It shall belong to the executive to increase the portions
specified in articles 14, 15 and 16 in proportion to the family, industry
and activity of the colonists, according to the separate reports upon the'
subject that shall be rendered by the Ayuntamientos and commission-
ers; always bearing in mind the provision of article 12th, of the decree
of the general Congress on the subject.
ART. 18. Families that shall arrive conformably to the 16th article,,
shall present themselves forthwith to the political authority of the set-
tlement they shall have selected; who, recognizing on their part the
necessary conditions required by this law’, shall admit the same, put
them in possession of the lands to which they are entitled, and give-
notice immediately to the executive, that the same of himself, or through
persons he shall commission for that purpose, may issue them their
titles.
Abt. 19. The Indians of all nations bordering on the State, as well
as the wandering tribes within the same, shall be admitted in market
exempt from all duties in their traffic in the effects of the country;
and should any of the same, being attracted in this manner, and by the
mildness and confidence with which they shall otherwise be treated, wish
to establish themselves in any of the settlements, after declaring them-
selves in favor of our institutions and religion, they shall be admitted,
and share the same quantity of land as the settlers specified in articles
14 and 15, always preferring native to foreign Indians.
Abt. 20. That no vacancies be left between the tracts, which shall
be carefully avoided in the distribution of lands; it shall be laid off in
squares or other forms, although irregular, should the locality so re-
quire; and to prevent litigation and dispute in making the distribution-
aforesaid, as well as in the designation of sites, whereon new towns are
to be founded, the adjoining proprietors, should there be any, shall be
previously notified.
Abt. 21. Should any appropriated land be taken possession of through
error in concession, on proof thereof an equal quantity of land en-
tirely vacant shall be granted to the person who obtained the same;
and, moreover, he shall be indemnified by the owner of the land afore-
said, agreeably to a just estimate made by competent judges, and ac-
(128)