Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
21
Art. 34. Towns shall be founded on such sites as the executive, or
the person commissioned by him for that purpose, shall judge most ap-
propriate; and four square leagues shall be designated for each, whose
area may be regular or irregular as the locality shall require.
Art. 35. Shouid any of the sites aforesaid have been privately appro-
priated, and the establishment of the new towns thereon be of notorious
general utility, they may be appropriated to this purpose notwithstand-
ing, after such indemnification as in the opinion of the -appraisers shall
be just.
Art. 36. Building lots in the new towns shall be given gratis to the
contractors thereof, aad to all kinds of mechanics those they shall need for
their workshops, and to other settlers they shall be sold after valuation
thereof—they shall be sold at public auction, and the purchasers shall
be obligated to pay the price of the same in three instalments, the first
in six, the second in twelve, and the third in eighteen months. All the
owners of lots, the contractors included, shall pay one dollar per annum
for each lot, which, together with the proceeds of the sales aforesaid,
shall be collected by the Ayuntamientos, and applied to the building of
churches in the said towns.
Art. 37. The towns shall consist, as nearly as possible, of natives and
foreigners; and in laying off the same, care shall be taken to have the
streets well laid out and straight, running parallel north and south,
and east and west, as nearly as the land shall permit.
Abt. 38. For the better situation, and the regular formation of the
new towns, and the exact division of lands and lots, the executive, pur-
suant to his admission of any project and agreement with the contractor
or contractors who shall have presented the same, shall commission a
person of intelligence and probity, giving him such instructions on the
subject as he shall deem necessary and proper, and authorizing him,
upon his own responsibility, to appoint one or more surveyors to execute
the survey agreeably to the science, and perform such other agency as
may offer.
Art. 39. The executive shall assign the commissioner his daily salary
agreeably to the last fee bill for notaries of the ancient court of Oyer
and Terminer of Mexico; and the latter, with the concurrence of the
colonists, shall fix the surveyors fees; but the expense, in both cases,
shall be paid by the colonists, and in the manner the parties shall
agree'.
Abt. 40. As soon as forty families at least shall be collected, they shall
proceed to the formal establishment of the new town, and shall all be
sworn by the commissioner to support the Federal and State constitu-
tions; they shall then, for this first occasion, the commissioner presiding,
proceed to the election of their municipality.
Art. 41. A new town, containing two hundred inhabitants or more,
shall elect an Ayuntamiento, should there be no other already estab-
lished within eight leagues, in which case it shall be annexed to the lat-
ter. The number of individuals of which the Ayuntamiento shall con-
sist, shall be regulated by the existing laws.
(131)