Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
23
Nor its fulfilment, the Governor of the State ad interim shall cause
it to be published and circulated.
Given at Saltillo, March 24th, 1825.
DECREE No. 17.
REGULATION OF THE SEORETARY’s OFFICE OF CONGRESS.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree as follows:
Article 1. The Secretary’s office shall, for the present, consist of
a superior officer, two clerks, and a porter; it being left to the judgment
of the committee on police, with the concurrence of Congress, to in-
crease the number of clerks or officers, as circumstances shall require.
Art. 2. The salaries of the said officers shall be as follows:
Superior Officer,
Clerks, (350 each)
Porter,
Office expenses
800
700
096
150
Total
1746 Dollars.
Art. 3. The salaries aforesaid shall be paid by the Treasury of Con-
gress, at the end of every month, to receipts of the persons interested.
Art. 4. All those who serve in the Secretary’s office, shall comply
with the orders given them by the Secretaries of Congress, on the dis-
patch of any subject they shall commit to their charge.
Art. 5. They shall also be obligated to observe secrecy in all busi-
ness wherein they are so required by any of the Secretaries of Con-
gress.
Art. 6. They shall write the reports of the committees as the chair-
man thereof shall direct, and also the propositions of those deputies who
shall not choose to write them themselves.
Art. 7. Until the office of keeper of the archives shall be filled,
the clerk supplying that place, with the knowledge of the superior of-
ficer, shall furnish the Secretaries of the committees, the deputies in par-
ticular, and the Secretary of the executive, all the documents or ante-
cedents they shall call for to obtain information, or to elucidate the
affairs under their direction; likewise, every citizen any paper, what-
ever be the nature and contents thereof, of the Secretary’s office, he
shall wish to read therein, except the secret papers: and in respect to
the former, the clerk aforesaid, in a book destined to the purpose, shall
keep an exact memorandum of the papers taken out and returned, or
in progress, annexed to some record; and for due evidence thereof,
(133)