24
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
the Secretary of the committee, the particular Deputy, or the Secretary
of the executive, and the Clerk acting as Keeper of the Archives, shall
affix their rubrics to the parcels taken out and returned, and the latter
shall not receive any more compensation for this service than that as-
signed to his situation.
Art. 8. On days of session, ordinary and extraordinary, they shall
attend in the office from 8 o’clock in the morning until the hour of
adjournment; and in the evening, from 4 o’clock until sunset, unless
from some cause, in the judgment of the Secretaries of Congress, it
shall be necessary to employ some hours of the night, when they shall
remain as long as required.
Art. 9. On days when there is no session, they shall attend from 8
o’clock in the morning until 12; and in the evening, from 4 until
sunset.
Art. 10. The Secretary of Congress, with information from the su-
perior officer, shall distribute the business of the office among the clerks,
and second and third officers, should there be any, according to their
knowledge and qualifications.
Art. 11. During the recesses of Congress, should there be no busi-
ness to be done in the Secretary’s office, the superior officer shall pass
to that of the executive, to continue his labor for the same salary, to be
paid by the State Treasury. The Clerks and Porter may be employed
by the Governor, or not; and should they be employed, their salaries
shall be paid by the said Treasury.
For the fulfilment thereof, the Governor ad interim of the state shall
cause the same to be published and circulated.
Given at Saltillo the 7th of July, 18.25.
DECREE No. 18.
CREATING JUDGES OE RESPONSIBILITY.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, exercising the cor-
responding power for regulating, internally, whatever belongs to the
better and more prompt administration of justice, and in considera-
tion of the evils caused by some of the Judges, infringing the con-
stitution and existing laws, by reason of the difficulty encountered in
promptly and conviently fulfilling the law of the 24th of March, 1823,
which comprises the rules for exacting the proper responsibility in
these cases, has thought proper to decree, and decrees:
Art. 1. All complaints against Judges, for infringing the con-
stitution and existing laws by abuse of their authority, shall he directed,
to Congress, which, after the record is formed, and the decision of a
committee from their own body is heard, shall declare whether there
be a sufficient cause for action.
(134)