30
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
3.	To promote the establishment of, and give activity to, all the
branches of prosperity in the State; proposing to the Executive or to
Congress, as the case may be, all those measures and projects the Council
shall deem most effectual to augment the population, promote and
give activity to agriculture, industry, commerce, public instruction and
whatever may conduce to the general utility of the State, for which
purpose any of the members shall have power to claim the attention of
the Council.
4.	To propose ternary numbers, in cases required by law, for supply-
ing offices, accompanied by a brief statement of the merits of the persons
proposed.
• 5. To make remarks upon the accounts of the Ayuntamientos and
those of the several administrations or agencies of all branches, the pro-
ducts whereof enter the general State Treasury, also those of Congress,
which shall be sent to the accountant’s office of the Council, through the
channel of the Executive, to be revised and commented upon when they
shall be presented, accompanied always by information from the Ex-
ecutive, to Congress for approval.
Abt. 38. The Council, on proposing to Congress, in virtue of the
third attribute, projects of public utility, shall have power to appoint
one of its own number to attend the discussion, and afford all possible
information to enable that body to come to a just and correct decision
thereon.	)
Abt. 39. The Council.shall be responsible for all acts relating to the
exercise of its attributes.
Abt. 40. The Office of the Secretary of the Council shall be divided
into two departments, one for Executive business, and one for accounts.
The former shall consist of an officer, whose salary shall be five hundred
dollars per annum, appointed by the Governor on a nomination of three
persons by the Council; and of a Clerk, whose salary shall be three hun-
dred dollars; to be appointed and removed at the pleasure of the Secre-
tary of the Council. The department of accounts shall also consist of
an officer and a Clerk; appointed and remunerated in the same manner
as the former.
Abt. 41. The project specified in the preceding article of offices and
salaries thereof, of which the Secretary’s office is to consist, shall be
understood as provisional, until experience and the course of business
shall give the proper light for the final regulation thereof.
Abt. 42. The Secretary of the Council shall form rules of economy
for the administration of his office, and present the same to the Council,
who shall pass the same to the Executive, accompanied by their report,
to be presented with the decision of the latter, to Congress for approval.
During the interval, they can be provisionally adopted, should the Gov-
ernor think proper.
Abt. 43. The members of the Council cannot leave the capital
without licence from the Executive, who shall have power to grant the
same, for two months. Should a longer time be required, or should -
(140)