34
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
measures for the public safety, and that all necessary means should!,
be exercised to restore and strengthen the confidence of the people in
their representatives and others who from duty contribute to the
maintenance of order, has thought proper to decree:
Art. 1. Every public functionary elected by the people, directly or
indirectly, or appointed and approved by the government, who shall
have signed, or in any evident manner supported the turbulent and
subversive pretensions, attacking the State Sovereignty, that have been,
directed to Congress, and exist in the original in the Executive Depart-
ment, unless it shall appear by some official document that the same
withheld his vote, shall be immediately suspended in the exercise of his
functions.
Art. 2. Every Ecclesiastical judge who shall have signed the same-
addresses, shall likewise be suspended in the exercise of his attributes,
notice being previously given to whom it belongs to appoint another to-
act in his place until the former shall have vindicated himself, agree-
ably to the laws.
Art. 3. Should any Curate be thus implicated, notice shall be given,
to the respective Ecclesiastical Judge to suspend him in his functions,
and appoint a coadjutor or substitute, whose virtues are publicly known,,
to discharge his sacerdotal duties.
Art. 4. Every professor of science, acting by legal authority, who
shall have signed the aforesaid memorials, shall be suspended in the ex-
ercise of his profession within the State.
Art. 5. The provision of the foregoing articles shall in nowise im-
pede the process that shall be instituted, according to law, against all
persons comprised therein.
Art. 6. Others, who shall have signed the aforesaid documents, shall
not hold the Ayuntamental offices, which in virtue of the provision of’
Art. I, it should be necessary to refill; neither shall they exercise a vote-
in the elections that offer for that object. This measure shall in nowise
impede the process that shall be instituted against them should they
have deserved it by a more censurable conduct in the affair.
Eor its fulfilment, the Vice Governor of the State pro tern, shall cause
it to be published and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 11th March, 1826.
DECREE No. 23.
AMNESTY.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, desirous that the
disagreeable occurrences that have caused so much convulsion in the
State, threatening the public safety, should be entirely forgotten:
occurrences which have compelled the high authorities, against their-
(144)