Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
35
lenient and moderate principles, to adopt strong measures—and the
said Congress witnessing with indescribable pleasure that the imper-
rious circumstances which compelled them to devise all the means of
justice in compliance with the first and most sacred of laws—and since
obvious motives for the public welfare impel the said Congress to ex-
ercise the most liberal clemency, which is the most noble attribute,,
and the most adorning prerogative of Sovereignty, pursuant to all
herein manifested, has thought proper to decree as follows:
Abt. 1. The political events which compelled the high authorities of
the State to dictate measures within the sphere of their attributes and
considered to be imperiously demanded for the- preservation of the public
order and tranquility of the State, shall be entirely forgotten;—and in
future, under no pretence, shall the said events ever be imputed to the
authors thereof, in whatever manner implicated therein.
Art. 2. In pursuance thereof, all persons absent from their homes,
destined to any part of the State by the Executive in exercise of the ex-
traordinary powers granted him by Decree No. 21, and against whom a
process has been instituted in compliance with the said decree, shall be
immediately set at liberty, and the Executive shall direct that they be
assisted out of the State treasury with an amount, which he shall judge-
sufficient, according to the distance and their rank, to enable- them to
return to the bosom of their families.
Art. 3. Those persons against whom judicial processes have, or should
have been instituted in compliance with Decree No. 22, and the order
of the 11th of March last, and who are consequently imprisoned or under
arrest; and, being public functionaries, suspended from their stations,
shall also be set at liberty, and the latter restored to the full exercise of
their respective functions.
Art. 4. In future, neither the like pardon nor any other grace shall
be extended to those who shall, directly or indirectly, promote anarchy,
attacking, under any pretence, the high authorities of the State; on the
contrary, they shall be judged and punished with all the rigor and sever-
ity of the laws; as shall be done forthwith -with respect to those who shall
disdain the most ample and liberal amnesty granted by this decree, pro-
ceeding in their cases in strict conformity with the said laws, and with all
the promptitude and energy required by the tenor thereof, to which the
Governor shall carefully attend.
Art. 5. Pursuant to the provision of the foregoing articles, the decree
No. 42 is hereby repealed; and since the difficult and delicate circum-
stances, which gave rise to the extraordinary powers granted the
Executive by decree No. 21, have happily so far changed that the
said powers are considered to be no longer necessary for the preserva-
10 —VOL. 1.
( 14 .5 )