36
Lavjs and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
tion of the public order and tranquility, for which object they were
granted, the aforesaid decree No. 21 is likewise revoked.
For the fulfilment thereof, the Governor of the State pro tem. shall
cause it to be printed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 27th of March, 1826.
DECREE NO. 24.
Convocation Lazu for the election of Representatives to the General
Congress.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, authorized by article
9th of the Constitution of the Republic to determine, agreeably thereto,
the qualifications of the electors, and to regulate the election of Repre-
sentatives to the General Congress, to be holden, agreeably to the said
Constitution, on the first Sunday of October next—and as the short-
ness of the time does not permit the same to be performed in the man-
ner prescribed in the first part of the Constitution of the State, al-
ready presented by the committee appointed to model the same, be-
cause it has not yet been sanctioned—neither is it possible at the mo-
ment to do away the difficulties connected with the first establishment
thereof in a new form of government—and besides on the other hand
it will be easy to follow the method of former elections, with which
the people are practically acquainted—said Congress has thought
proper to decree, that, for this time only, the elections be holden agree-
ably to the following
LAW OF CONVOCATION:
JUNTAS IN GENERAL.
Art. 1. For the election of Deputies, primary and secondary juntas,
and a general State junta, shall be holden.
Art. 2. On Sunday the 25th of August next, the President of each
Ayuntamiento of the State shall, by edict, or as the custom may be,
convoke the citizens of the district to assemble at' the primary
juntas.
Art. 2. The said meetings, and the others, shall be preceded by public
prayer in all the Parish Churches of the State, for which object season-
able notice shall be given to whom it belongs.
PRIMARY MUNICIPAL JUNTAS.
Art. 4. Primary juntas shall be composed of all lawful citizens.
(146)