40
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
President shall make the inquiry contained in article 18, the provision
whereof shall be obeyed.
Abt. 42. The primary electors shall immediately choose the second-
ary, one by one, by private ballot.
Abt. 43. The votes having been given in, the President, secretary,
and tellers shall examine the same; the person having more than one-
half the votes shall be elected, and the President shall declare each elec-
tion. Should no one receive the absolute majority of votes, the two
having the highest number shall be run in the second balloting, and
the one who receives the majority shall be elected. In case of a tie it
shall be determined by lot.
Abt. 44. To be -eligible as an elector it shall be required to be a
lawful citizen, over twenty-five years of age, having a domicile and resi-
dence of one year in the district—to hold no office of controversy, civil,
ecclesiastical or military, or the office of curate in the district. The elec-
tion can devolve on individuals of the junta, or others, provided they be-
long to the State, laymen or of the secular order; a person shall be con-
sidered a resident in the district who continues his domicile therein,
and is himself in another; provided he can join the general junta in the
capital.
Abt. 45. The time of residence, as provided in. the. preceding article,
shall not be required of the military.
Abt. 46. The secretary shall commit the act to writing and, together
with'the President and tellers, sign the same; a copy thereof, signed by
the same persons, shall be given to each elector to serve'as a certificate of
his -election; the President. shall transmit a copy likewise authenticatod
to the Governor, and in his default to the Vice Governor of the State,
by whom it shall be published by ordinance posted in the most public
places.
Abt. 47. The provision made for the primary elections in. articles 20,
28, 29, 30, and 31, shall also be observed in the secondary.
STATE JUNTA.
Abt. 48. The- general junta of the State shall be composed of the .sec-
ondary -electors of all the districts, asembled in this capital for the pur-
pose of electing deputies to the Chamber of Representatives in the gen-
eral Congress.
Abt. 49. The said junta shall be holden on the first Sunday in October
next, in conformity to article 16 th of the Constitution of the Republic.
Abt. 50. The Governor of the State shall preside the same, and in
his default the Vice Governor, to whom the electors shall present them-
selves with their credentials, that their names may be written down in a
book, wherein the acts of the junta shall be committed to writing.
Abt. 51. Three days previous to the election, the electors shall
meet with the Governor or Vice Governor, as the case may be, at the
( 150 )