44
Laivs and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
DECEEE No. 27.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, taking into considera-
tion that according to the Constitution of the State, about to govern,
the municipalities ought very soon to be elected, and with a view to
prevent the inconvenience and injury that might result to the towns,
from a repetition of electoral juntas and other acts relating thereto,
has thought proper to decree:
The present Ayuntamiento shall, for this time only, continue in the
exercise of their functions until removed according to the plan that shall
originate in the Constitution of the State.
For the fulfilment thereof, the Vice Governor of the State, pro tem.
shall cause the same to be printed, published and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 28th of November, 1826.
DECEEE No. 28.
With a view to comply in some manner with the desires of the Governor
on the subject of promoting the more ready despatch of the business
of the towns, and considering that the election of the Council and
other officers, according to the Constitution, is about to take place, the
Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has resolved to decree as
follows:
Abt. 1. The Executive Council, established by Decree No. 19, shall
be composed for the present of two voters proprietors, who are present
in the State, and one supletory, and shall be chosen by Congress.
Abt. 2. In all other respects the Decree No. 19 shall continue in force,
and the Councils conforming to the same.
Art. 3. In case of moral or physical inability on the part of any voter
proprietor, the supletory shall act in his place.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State, ad interim, shall cause
it to be printed, published and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 16th of February, 1827.
DECEEE No. 29.
Form of oath to be taken by the Officers of the State to obey the Con-
stitution of the same, and the manner said Constitution is to be de-
livered to the Executive to be solemnly published. E-
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, having sanctioned
the political Constitution of said State, and desiring that the oath and
(154)