Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
47
Given, &e. To be here signed by the Governor, and then by the Sec-
retary.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State, ad interim, shall cause
it to be printed, published and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 11th of March, 1827.
DECREE No. 31.
Convocation for the first Constitutional Congress.
The constituent Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, taking
into view that should the election of Deputies to the first Congress,
of Governor, Vice Governor, and Councillors, be effected within the
time the Constitution of the State prescribes, the former cannot take
place until the months of August and September; neither can the
latter officers exercise their functions until January and March, 1828;
and desiring as far as possible to avoid these perplexities, which would
obviously occasion great injury to the State, and internal administra-
tion thereof, has thought proper to decree: that, for this time only,
the elections be holden, Congress installed, and the Governor, Vice
Governor, and Councillors, enter on the exercise of their functions in
the manner stated in the foilowing law of Convocation,
CONVOCATION LAW.
SECTION FIRST.
CONGRESS.
Art. 1. Congress shall be the union of the Deputies, representing the
State, elected in the manner hereinafter provided, and until 1832 the
number thereof shall consist of twelve proprietors and six supletories.
Art. 2. Congress shall open their sessions on the 1st of July, and with
this object, and that of the solemn installation thereof, the Deputies
shall be present in the capital by the 27th of June.
Art. 3. The districts of Saltillo, Parras, and Monclova, shall elect
three Deputies proprietors each, that of Texas two, and Rio Grande one.
The district of Saltillo shall elect two, and each of the other districts-
one Deputy supletory.
Art. 4. To be eligible to the office of Deputy proprietor or supletory,
the folio-wing qualifications at the time of the election shall be required:
First—To be a citizen in the enjoyment of his rights.
(157 )