Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
51
Abt. 30. On Sunday, the 29th of April aforesaid, each Ayuntamiento
shall convene in their respective town halls in public session.—In their
presence, the President, tellers, and secretary of the municipal assem-
blies being also present, the register shall be opened, and, in view of all
present, a general list shall be formed alphabetically, comprising all the
candidates, and number of votes they have received.
Abt. 31. The said list, and the act of the corporation that shall be
drawn up relative to the subject, shall be signed by the President of the
Ayuntamiento, and secretary of the same, and the secretaries of the as-
semblies. Two copies of the aforesaid list shall then be drawn off,
authenticated by the same persons, one of which shall be immediately
posted in the most public place, and the other delivered with
the corresponding official letter, signed by the President of the
Ayuntamiento, to two individuals whom the said corporation shall ap-
point from its own body, who shall repair to join those commissioned
by the other Ayuntamientos, in order to make the general adjustment
and computation of the votes.
Abt. 32. On Sunday, the 13th of May, the persons commissioned by
the Ayuntamientos shall present themselves, with their certificates of
appointment, to the Chief of Police, and in his default, to the first Al-
calde of the capital of the district, and the latter, or second Alcalde, as
the case may be, presiding, they shall meet in the town halls in public-
session, and in view of all the lists, shall form a general list of the per-
sons chosen district electors by the citizens of the respective district,
stating the number of votes they have received, and the places of their
residences.
Art. 33. In order to make the general computation of votes, four per-
sons commissioned, at least, shall be present. In districts wherein this
number cannot meet, the Ayuntamiento of the capital town shall choose
from their own body the persons wanting to complete the same.
Abt. 34. The citizens who, on this general inquiry, shall prove to have
the greatest number of votes in the list, shall be constitutionally chosen
electors. In case of a tie between two or more persons, it shall be decided
by lot.
Art. 35. The list aforesaid, and act relative to the subject, shall be
signed by the President, commissioners, and the secretary of the Ayunta-
miento of the capital of the district. Copies of both shall be drawn off,
authenticated by the same persons, and transmitted by the President
to the Permanent Deputation of Congress, to the Governor of the State,
and to the Ayuntamientos within the precincts of the district.
Art. 36. The said President shall transmit forthwith the correspond-
ing official letter to the electors chosen, in order that they may meet in
the capital of the district on a day hereinafter specified for the purpose
of holding the electoral assembly of the same.
11—VOL. 1.
(161 )