54
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
shall choose a Governor, Vice Governor, three Councillors proprietors
and two supletories; and the said election shall be conducted in the man-
ner prescribed by articles 41, 42, 43, and 44.
Art, 49. The aforesaid election having closed, a list of the names of
those elected, and stations to which they are chosen, signed by the sec-
retary of the respective assembly, shall be immediately posted in the
most public place. The acts shall be signed by the President and the
electors, and attested copies thereof, authenticated by the said President,
secretary, and tellers, shall be transmitted, enclosed in a cerified sheet,
to the Permanent Deputation.
Art. 50. On the day the first ordinary sessions of Congress are opened,
the person who was President of the Permanent Deputation at the time,
shall present the attested copies aforesaid, and after being read Congress
shall appoint a committee from their own body to whom they shall be
passed, in order that said committee may revise the same, and report
thereon within the third day.
Art. 51. On the day aforesaid, Congress shall proceed to determine
the elections made by the districts, and compute the votes.
Art. 52, The individual who receives the absolute majority of votes
of the district electoral assemblies, to be computed according to the
whole number of voters composing the same, shall be Governor, Vice
Governor, or Councillor, as the election under consideration may be.
Art. 53. Should no person have the majority aforesaid, Congress shall
elect for these offices one of the two or more individuals who have the
greatest number of votes; and the same shall be done when no one has
this respective majority, all standing equal in votes.
Art. 54. Should one person only receive the respective majority, and
two or more an equal number of votes, but greater than that of all the
others, Congress shall elect one person from among the former, who shall
be run in competition for the election with the person who received the
respective majority.
Art. 55. In the event of a tie, the balloting shall be repeated once
only, and should there again be a tie, it shall be determined by lot.
SECTION FIFTH.
Coahuiltexians, and Citizens {Freemen') of Coahuila and Texas.
ART. 56. The following shall be Coahuiltexians:
1st. All men born and domiciliated in the territory of the State, and
the children of the same.
2d. All those born in any other, part of the territory of this Republic,
who shall become domiciliated in the State.
3d. Foreigners, of whatever nation, legally established in the State at
the present time.
4th. Foreigners who obtain from Congress letters of citizenship, or
who are or shall be domiciliated in the State according to the laws
(164)