Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
55
that shall be enacted, as soon as the general Congress shall issue the
general statute of naturalization, which, agreeably to the 27th preroga-
tive confered on the said Congress by the Constitution, ought to be estab-
lished.
Abt. 57. The following shall be Freemen of Coahuila and Texas
1st. All men born in the State and domiciliated in any part of the ter-
ritory thereof.
2d. All the citizens of the other States and territory of the Republic
as soon as they are domiciliated in the State.
3d. All sons of Mexican citizens, even should they be out of the Mexi-
can territory, provided they become domiciliated in the State.
4th. Foreigners who, already enjoying the rights of Coahuiltexians,
shall obtain special letters of citizenship from Congress. The laws shall
prescribe the qualifications and conditions for granting them the same.
Abt. 58. Those born within the territory of the Republic, and foreign-
ers domiciliated therein (except minors) at the time the political liber-
ties of the country were proclaimed, who did not remain faithful to the
cause of its independence, but emigrated to a foreign country or depend-
ency of Spain, shall be neither Coahuiltexians nor citizens of Coahuila
and Texas.
Abt. 59. The rights of citizenship shall be forfeited:
1st. By becoming naturalized in a foreign country.
2d. By accepting office, pension, or title from a foreign government,
without permission from Congress.
3d. By receiving executory sentence wherein corporal or disgraceful
punishment is imposed.
4th. By a person selling his vote, or buying that of another for him-
self or a third person, whether in popular assemblies, or in any other; and
by violation of public trust in the said assemblies, whether by those
who are presidents, or secretaries, or tellers, or those discharging any
other public function.
5th. By having resided five years in succession without the territory
of the Republic, without a commission from the general government or
that of the State, or without licence from the latter.
Abt. 60. A person who forfeits the rights of a citizen, cannot recover
the same, unless reinstated therein by Congress.
Abt. 61. The exercise of the said right shall be suspended:
1st. For moral or physical disability, after judicial investigation.
2d. For not having attained the age of twenty-one years, except
married persons, who shall enjoy the said rights from the time they
marry, whatever be their age.
3d. For being debtor to the public funds, the time' of payment having
expired, and payment having been demanded.
4th. For being under criminal prosecution, until the accused shall be
acquitted, or sentenced to a punishment not corporal nor disgraceful.
5th. For having no employment, trade, or known way of support.
(165)