56
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
6th. For not being able to read or write; but this provision shall not
take effect until after the year 1850, and with respect to those who shall
enter on the exercise of the rights of citizens after that time.
Art. 62. Only for the causes specified in articles 59 and 61, shall the
rights of a citizen be suspended.
Art. 63. None but citizens in the exercise of their rights, shall vote
for officers of the State in cases designated by law, and such only shall
be elected to the said offices and all others of the State.
Art. 64. That this decree may more easily become known, even in
the smallest towns, and that the same may be strictly and promptly -exe-
cuted, the Executive shall accompany therewith such instructions as he
shall deem necessary.
For the fulfilment thereof, the Vice Governor of the State, pro tem.
shall cause the same to be printed, published and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 23d of March, 1827.
No. 32.
INTERNAL REGULATIONS OF CONGRESS.
DECEEE No. 33.
Change of the present Ayuntamientos agreeably to the Constitution
of the State.
The Congress of the State of -Coahuila and Texas, in consideration of
the arrangement made by Decree No.' 27, bearing date the 28th of
November, 1826, and desiring that the present Ayuntamientos be re-
newed in accordance with the Constitution of said State, at the earliest
possible period, has thought proper to decree:
Art. 1. On Sunday immediately following the publication of the Con-
stitution, meetings of the municipal electoral assemblies mentioned in
article 161 of the Constitution, shall, for this time, be called; and, on the
first Sunday and second Monday following, the present Ayuntamientos
shall open their registers for the election of a new Board.
Art. 2. In each of the assemblies aforesaid, three lists shall' be for-
med: one for setting down the names of persons chosen for Alcaldes,
with their distinction of 1st, 2d, and 3d: another for Eegidores, and a
third for Syndicos: likewise in each observing the same distinction.
Art. 3. In towns that contain a population of one thousand souls,
but which have had an Ayuntamiento until the present, and likewise in
those containing in their limits from one to two thousand five hundred,
there shall be one Alcalde, two Eegidores, and one Syndic: and in those
(166)