Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
57
containing from this number to five- thousand, one Alcalde, four Regido-
res, and one Syndic; and from this to ten thousand, two Alcaldes, six
Regidores, and two Syndics; from' this to twenty thousand, three Alcal-
des, six Regidores, and two Syndics.
Abt. 4. The two days of election, whereon the registers are to be kept-
open, having expired, the President, tellers, and secretary of each assem-
bly, shall count the votes received by each citizen in the lists, and after
casting up the same, shall sign the lists and deliver the same, enclosed
under lock and key, to the Secretary of the Ayuntamiento.
Abt. 5. On the Sunday next following the- election aforesaid, the
Ayuntamiento shall convene in their town halls, the Presidents, tellers,
and secretaries of the assemblies also being present, and with all the lists
before them, shall form three general lists, setting down in one the names
of all the persons who received votes for Alcaldes, beginning with the
one who received the most votes, and continuing in that manner; another
of those who received votes for Regidores, in the same manner; and a
third of those for whom votes were given for Syndics, in the same order.
Abt. 6. Should a person at the same time receive votes for Alcalde,
Regidor, and Syndic, he shall be entered only on the list wherein he re-
ceives the -most votes; should he in two or more lists receive an equal
number, he shall accept the office of Alcalde in preference to that of Re-
gidor, and the latter in preference of that of Syndic.
Abt. 7. The President of the Ayuntamiento, and all the secretaries
of the assemblies, shall sign the three lists aforesaid, and draw off two
copies thereof; one of which, authenticated, .shall be transmitted to the
Executive, and the other posted in the most public place. The original
lists shall be lodged in the archives.
Abt. 8. The President of the Ayuntamiento shall give official notice
of their election to those chosen to municipal offices, in accordance with
article 165 of the Constitution.
Abt. 9. The Ayuntamientos, for this time, shall be totally renewed,
and members of the present board can be re-elected.
Abt. 10. Those elected, unless physically impeded, cannot fail to take
possession of office on the day appointed; they can afterwards manifest
to the Executive any reasons they think they have for not serving the
same.
Abt. 11. Those newly chosen shall take possession of office on the first
day of festival after the Sunday specified in article 5 of this decree, and
shall take the oath prescribed in article 220 of the Constitution, before
the President of the Ayuntamiento that retires from office.
Abt. 12. For the population specified in article 158 of the Constitu-
tion, the election of Commissaries and Syndics shall be made by the same
assemblies, at the same time and in the same manner and form, as that
of the Ayuntamientos — their oath and possession of office shall be
in accordance with the provision of the preceding articles. Persons only
who reside in the respective towns shall be eligible to the aforesaid offices.
( 167)