Laivs and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
61
ART. 6. Those chosen cannot decline the office, but should they con-
sider they have just cause for so doing, they shall apply to the Gov-
ernor for his decision, discharging the duties of office during the investi-
gation of the subject.
Art. 7. Persons who serve these stations may be re-elected,- but not
obliged to serve, and the same shall not be chosen to Ayuntamiental
offices until two years after serving in the Deputation.
Art. 8. In the annual renewal of supletory, the one who retires from
office may be elected Deputy, unless the same shall have supplied the
legal default of the proprietors the term of six months.
Art. 9. On nomination of three by the respective Ayuntamiento, the
deputation shall appoint commissioners, of good character, in mining dis-
tricts that are now or shall be hereafter discovered without their own
to take cognizance in such matters as the former,. agreeably to their
powers, shall commit to their charge.
Art. 10. With respect to the general administration of mining, be-
sides the provision of the preceding article, they shall possess the attri-
butes marked out and defined in the mining ordinances;—formal an
nouncements and records of search and discovery, shall be made before
the said deputation, or commissioners thereof; but, in all contested cases,
they shall withhold cognizance, and transmit the same, accompanied by
a statement of the preceding facts and circumstances, to the primary
judge of the district wherein the mine is situated.
■Art. 11. On the first of December, yearly, the deputation shall report
to the Executive on the state of the mines and miners, proposing what-
ever in their opinion may tend to restore, preserve, and promote the pros-
perity of the mines. The same shall also report the quantity of silver pro-
duced, amount of mercury consumed, number of mines in operation, of
those abandoned, (stating the causes,) as well as mines newly discovered,
and those restored to new operation; demanding of each commissioner,
for this object, the attested copies and other documents required. Said
report shall be communicated to Congress, in order to dictate such meas-
ures as the same shall deem proper.
Art. 12. The deputation, in their correspondence with the Gover-
nor, shall conduct the same directly.
Art. 13. In the other parts of the State where new veins are discov-
ered, or abandoned mines found, the district judges shall maintain th
annunciations and records of discovery that shall offer, until the persons
interested can apply to the deputation.
Art. 14. The fees for announcement, and for recording a description
of the mine discovered: for giving possession, and for survey, and all
other operations connected with the subject, shall be collected according
to the fee bill which shall be formed by Congress, and that used by the
Deputation of the Real de Catorce, shall govern during the interval.
Art. 15. The Spanish statute or system of mining laws, so far as the
same is not opposed to the Constitution and laws of the State, shall be
observed.
(171 )