Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
63
DECBEE No. 1,
OF THE CONSTITUTIONAL CONGRESS.
ELECTION OF GOVERNOR, VICE GOVERNOR, AND COUNCILLORS.
The constitutional Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, exer-
cising the 2d, 3d, and 4th prerogatives granted the same by article
97, section 4, title 1 of the Constitution, and having made, in pursu-
ance thereof, the general examination of votes which the several can-
didates for Governor, Vice Governor, and voters of the Executive
Council have received in the electoral district assemblies, conforma-
bly to the provision of article 132, section 4, title 2, and no one hav-
ing received the absolute majority required .by article 133, proceeded
to the respective choice of the aforesaid officers, and, having performed
the election in the manner and form as prescribed in articles 134, 135,
and 136, in virtue thereof decrees:
Art. 1. Jose Maria Viesca is elected Governor of the State of Coahuila
and Texas.
Art. 2, Victor Blanco is elected Vice Governor of said State.
' Art. 3. Santiago de Valle, Dionicio Elisondo, and licentiate Jose Ig-
nacio de Cardenas, are elected Councillors Proprietors.
Art. 4. Antonio Pereira and Cayetano Bamos are likewise elected
Councillors Supletories.
Art. 5. In accordance with article 15 of the law of convocation of
March 23d, the persons elected shall present themselves on the 1st of
August next, to take the oath the Constitution prescribes, and to take
possession of office.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State, pro tern., shall cause it to
be printed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 4th of July, 1827.
JOSE IGNACIO SANCHEZ NAVABBO,
Presdent
JOSE ANTONIO TIJEBINA, Dep. Sec’y.
JOSE FRANCISCO MADERO, D. S.
DECBEE No. 2.
The constitutional Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has
thought proper to decree:
Art. 1. The cock pit location of the whole State shall be leased at
public auction, to be cried on three festival days, specifying the day the
sale shall be closed, which shall be to the highest bidder for period of five
years, with the understanding that the same may sublease the respective
pits in the other places.
(173)