64
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Art. 2. The purchaser of the lease shall give bond with security obli-
gating himself to pay at the end of each year, and the proceeds shall enter
the State Treasury.
Art. 3. The judge of the treasury shall preside the auction, the treas-
urer being present; and, in his default, the agent having charge of the
rents.
Art. 4. Billiard tables shall pay a tax of twenty-four dollars per an-
num, to be paid in three equal instalments in advance.
Art. 5. Those who established billiard tables on the condition of pay-
ing such tax as should be assigned them, shall pay what is due, the same
as other owners of tables, and shall conform to the last contract they
made with the agent having charge of the Tobacco rent. Those who
established tables without any understanding on the subject, shall pay
in the same manner.
Art. 6. In this town the entries shall be made in the State treasury,
in other places in the agencies of the Tobacco rent.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State, pro tern., shall cause it to
be printed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 28th of July, 1827.
JOSE IGNACIO SANCHES, President.
JOSE ANTONIO TIJERINA, D. S.
JOSE FRANCISCO MADERO, D. S.
DECREE No. 3.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree as follows:
Art. 1. The two per cent impost on the circulation of money by
decree of the general Congress of June 11th, 1822, heretofore collected
only in this town, shall embrace all the towns of the State, and the same
shall continue to be exacted in future as a rent of said State.
Art. 2. The collection shall be made in each town at the time of
removal of any amount of money, whether the same be destined to a
place within or without the State; the agent and receivers of excise
shall, for the present, have charge of the collection thereof in the de-
partment of this town; and the- agents charged with the Tobacco rent,
and clerks for weighing and inspecting therein, in the department of
Monclova and Texas.
Art. 3. The aforesaid officers shall keep a book, wherein they shall
set down the parcels they collect, specifying the date, and name of the
party that causes, and they shall sign the same, the respective Alcalde
shall also sign, and the latter shall examine the corresponding permit,
or writing certifying that the duty has been paid, that shall be given
to the party interested.
Art. 4. Those charged with branch stores for the exclusive sale of
cigares, or receivers of the departments, shall forward every six
(174)