66
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
For its fulfilment, the constitutional Vice Governor of the State shall
cause it to be printed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 17th of August, 1827.
JOSE MARIA ECHAIS, President.
JOSE F. MADERO, D. S.
JUAN A. GONZALES, D. S.
DECREE No. 6.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree as follows:
Art. 1. Silver in bars, or pieces of plate, shall for the present pay a
duty of three per cent, in the place where it is extracted.
Art. 2. The provision of Decree No. 3, respecting the circulation of
money, except the last part of article 7, relative to money for traveling
expenses, shall be observed in the collection of the duty aforesaid.
For its fulfilment, the Vice Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo the 21st of August, 1827.
JOSE MARIA ECHAIS, President.
JOSE F. MADERO, D. S.
JUAN A. GONZALES, D. S.
DECREE No. 7.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to-'
decree:
Art. 1. Simple theft of any kind, not exceeding from one to ten dol-
lars, shall be punished with a fine of from ten to thirty dollars, or labor-
on the public works from one to three months; for the second offence the
punishment shall be doubled, and shall indispensably be the latter. For
the third offence in larceny mentioned in this article, besides the punish-
ment specified in the second part thereof, the person so offending shall
be taken to the most public place, with a board with the following inscrip- -
tion, for theft, placed upon his head.
Art. 2. Simple theft exceeding ten and not exceeding one hundred
dollars, shall be punished with not less than one nor more than two years
labor on the public works.
Art. 3. To adjudge this punishment, the judge shall be required only
to prove the crime in evidence to the accused in summary trial, also in
presence of two judges chosen, one by the plaintiff, the other by the de-
fendant.
Art. 4. The demand having been set down in the record of ver-
bal trials that shall be kept in every court of justice, the defendant’s;
(176)