68
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Art. 15. On the publication of the Penal Code of the State this law
shall cease to have effect.
For its fulfilment, the Vice Governor of the State shall cause it to
be printed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo the 27th of August, 1827.
JOSE MARIA ECHAIS, President.
JOSE F. MADERO, D. S.
JOSE A. TIJERINA, D. S.
DECREE No. 8.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to prevent abuses
committed in driving large stock, greatly retarding the increase and
propagation thereof, which can only be expected by having orde
and suitable regulations, and likewise to prevent fraud upon the State
revenue with respect to this class of duties, which form a part of the
same, has thought proper to decree:
Art. 1. The period of mustang chases shall be from the first of Oc-
tober to the last of February inclusive, and it shall not be permitted at
any other time.
Art. 2. The legally established tax in favor of the State revenue shall
be two rials a head for horses, old and young: two dollars for mules,
and four rials for horned cattle; the said tax to be understood only
in relation to such as have no brand or owner, and are caught on vacant
lands.
Art. 3. To collect the tax required by this law, the Executive shall
appoint in each town a person of his confidence, who shall receive a com-
pensation of six per cent, on the amount he collects.
Art. 4. In each chase, or course, the individual who first encourages
the same, or person acting in his stead, shall have the direction or super-
intendence, for which a license shall be obtained from the respective
judge, who, with the concurrence of the person charged by the Execu-
tive with the collection of the tax provided in article 2, shall give the
same, and during the period designated in article 1 the license shall
not be withheld.
Art. 5. The leader of each party shall be answerable for abuses com-
mitted ' in that under his command, and shall also be responsible for
presenting all the beasts collected, of whatever kind they may be, to
the commissioner of the place of his residence.
Art. 6. The commissioner shall keep a book of common paper, where-
in all the lots or parcels that come into his possession, shall be entered,
and the same shall be signed by himself, the leader of the chase, and
the Alcalde.
Art. 7. Branded beasts, whose owners are not known, shall be pre-
sented to the Ayuntamiento, which shall keep a book made of common
paper, to be called, of strays, wherein an account shall be kept of the
same, and their class, color and brand described.
(178)