Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
69
Art. 8. Lists of said beasts shall be immediately sent to all the Ayun-
tamientos of the State, that they may cause the same to be advertised
in their districts, to ascertain to whom they belong, for the formal de-
livery thereof, observing the arrangement made in the second part of
article 13 of the economical regulations of towns.
Art. 9. The Governor, on receiving the notice that shall be given
him every six months, shall communicate the same to those of the ad-
joining States of Nuevo Leon and Tamaulipas for the purposes specified
in the first part of the preceding article.
Art. 10. For placing the beasts specified in article 7 in deposite, pref-
erence shall be given to the person who presents the same, giving proper
security, and with respect to the charges to be paid, in order to take
them away, the established custom shall be complied with.
Art. 11. Both the beasts specified in article 7, and those found in
the towns, also having no brand, including neat cattle, shall be deposited
the term of six months, after which time, should no person appear to
claim the same, they shall be considered as strays, and, after valuation,
sold at public auction, the proceeds thereof to be delivered to the respec-
tive commissioner to be paid over to the State Treasury. The owners
of horned cattle and other beasts sold in this manner, shall be entitled
to the value thereof on proving property before the expiration of three
years—after that time they shall possess no right.
Art. 12. The commissioners shall render their accounts (proved) an-
nually to the State Treasury, wherein, after deducting their compen-
sation, they shall enter the amount collected.
Art. 13. Those who transgress the provision of this law, or, abusing
the privileges of the chase, kill or conceal beasts of any kind, besides
paying the established tax, shall be fined by the judges twenty-five dol-
lars for the first offence, and fifty for the second, to be applied to the
funds of the Ayuntamiento. Those w’ho have not the means of meeting
the fine, shall be imprisoned from one to two months, or be destined to
from twenty to forty days labor on public works. For the third offence
they shall incur double the second fine or corporal punishment, and for
the fourth be deprived of the privilege of the chase. The formalities
prescribed in articles 2 and 3 of the law of regulations of tribunals, No.
39, shall be observed in cases provided in this article.
Art. 14. Every citizen shall be authorized to act in demanding the
fulfilment of this lav by himself, or through the medium of the in-
dividual mentioned in article 3. The latter shall be responsible for any
dissimulation in the discharge of his duties.
For its fulfilment, the Vice Governor of the State .shall cause it to
be printed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo the 31st of August, 1827.
RAMON GARCIA ROJAS, President.
JOSE A. TIJERINA, D. S.
MIGUEL ARCINEAGA, D. S.
(179)