72
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Abt. 12. The site destined for the new town having been determined,
he shall see that the principal lines run North and South, East and
West:—he shall designate a square measuring one hundred and twenty
varas on each side, exclusive of the streets, to he called the Principal or
Constitutional Square. This shall be the central point from which the
streets shall run for forming squares or blocks thereon agreeably to the
accompanying plan.
Abt. 13. The block fronting the principal square, upon the East side,
shall be destined for a church, curate's dwelling, and other ecclesiastical
edifices; and that on the West, for municipal buildings or town halls.
In .another suitable place, he shall point out a block for a market
■square, one for a jail and house of correction, one for a school and
other buildings for public instruction, and without the limits of the
town for a burial ground.
Akt. 14. He shall cause the .streets to be laid off straight, twenty
yards wide, for the salubrity of the town.
Abt. 15. Mechanics, who, on the founding of a new town, present
themselves to settle therein, shall be entitled to a lot each, to be attended
with no expense, except the cost of the stamped paper necessary for issu-
ing their titles, and the small tax of one dollar per annum for building
the church.
Abt. 16. The lots mentioned in the preceding article shall be dis-
tributed by lot, with the exception of the empresario, to whom two lots
shall be given in the site he selects.
Abt. 17. The other lots shall be valued by appraisers, and sold out
to the other colonists according to the valuation. Should, there be several
applicants for any lot or lots, on account of their more eligible situation,
or other circumstances that may cause competition, they shall decide
by lot in the manner provided in the preceding article. The product
of the said lots shall be appropriated to building a church in the town.
Abt. 18. He shall proceed, together with the empresario, to have all
the inhabitants belonging to the jurisdiction of each town take lots
therein, and build their houses within the time specified, under penalty
of forfeiting- their lots.
Abt. 19. He shall form a book in calf for each new town, wherein
the appropriation of lots, whether by donation or sale, shall be recorded,
expressing their boundaries, and other particulars agreeably to the usual
form, from which attested copies shall be taken, upon paper of the cor-
responding stamp, to be delivered to the persons interested to serve them
as titles.
Abt. 20. He shall execute a topographical plan comprising the towns
founded in the colony, which he shall forward to the government, leav-
ing in the colonial register an exact copy thereof.
Abt. 21 He shall cause a ferry to be established at each crossing of
the rivers upon the highways, whereon any town is founded;—the flat
or boat to be provided at the expense of the inhabitants of the said
(182)