Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
79
ents, from the publication of the Constitution, giving notice to govern-
ment every three months.
Art. 3. All deaths of slaves shall be noted down in said register, of
which notice shall be given to government, as specified in the preceding
article.
Art. 4. Those who introduce slaves, after the expiration of the term
specified in article 13 of the Constitution, shall be subject to the penalties
established by the general law of the 13th of July, 1824.
Art. 5. Slaves, whose owners have no heirs apparent according to the
existing laws, shall be immediately free on the decase of their masters,
and shall not pass to any other kind of succession whatever under any
aspect.
Art. 6. The manumision mentioned in the preceding article shall not
take place when the master, or his heirs, are poisoned or assassinated by
one of their slaves; in that case they shall be subject to the provision of
the laws.
Art. 7. In each change of owner of slaves, in the nearest succession,
even of heirs apparent, the tenth part of those who are to pass to the new
owner, shall be manumitted; the said portion to be determined by lot,
before the Ayuntamiento of the municipal district.
Art. 8. Children and parents by adoption shall not mutually inherit
slave property.
Art. 9. The Ayuntamientos, under their most rigid responsibility,
shall take particular care that free children, born of slaves, receive the
best education that can be given them: placing them, for that purpose,
at the public schools and other places of instruction, wherein they may
become useful to society.
Art. 10. Ayuntamientos that shall not be faithful in the fulfilment of
this law, shall suffer a fine of five hundred dollars, which the Executive
shall order appropriated to the benefit of public schools.
Art. 11. This law shall be first published in this town on the morrow,
and in the other towns on the day following the receipt thereof, The
same shall be re-published annually on 'the 16th of September until the
year 1840.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 15th of September, 1827.
RAMON GARCIA ROJAS, President.
JUAN A. GONZALES, D. S.
MIGUEL ARCINEAGA, D. S.
DECREE No. 19.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas decrees as follows:
Art. 1. When the Vice Governor takes the place of the Governor,
from impossibility on the part of the latter, he shall receive two-thirds
of the difference in the salaries assigned these offices.
(189)