80
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Art. 2. The same shall be observed when a Councillor takes the
place of the Governor from default of the latter and of the Vice Gover-
nor.
Art. 3. The substitute, whom the Vice Governor shall appoint as
provided in article 116 of the Constitution, should he receive a less sal-
ary out of the State rents than the Vice Governor, shall be paid two-
thirds of the difference, and should he receive none, two-thirds of the en-
tire salary of the Vice Governor.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 18th of September, 1827.
RAMON GARCIA ROJAS, President.
JUAN A. GONZALES, D. S.
MIGUEL ARCINEAGA, D. S.
This decree was returned by the Governor, and amended by Congress
on the 16th of October, and shall be observed as rectified on that
date.
DECREE No. 20.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree:
Art. 1. A sub-receivers office of excise duties shall be established in
the hacienda de Parras.
Art. 2. The person entrusted with the same shall also have charge of
the branch cigar store, and stamped paper, and shall see to the collection
of the other State rents within his respective limits, and that there be no
smuggling in any department belonging to his charge.
Art. 3. Said officer shall be appointed by the Executive, who shall
see that he gives security to the amount of two thousand dollars for
the faithful management of the funds and stock committed to his
charge.
Art. 4. For the present, he shall be under immediate subjection to
the chief agent of the Tobacco department, and the receiver of excise
duties of Parras in their respective departments, and shall receive as a
compensation for his services the same percentage as the sub-receivers
and agents of branch cigar establishments.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 2d of October, 1827.
JOSE M. de CARDENAS, President,
JUAN A. GONZALES, Sec’v Supletorv,
JOSE 1. SANCHES, D. S.
(190)