Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
81
DECREE No. 21.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas decrees as follows:
Abt. 1. Leon R. Almy, George A. Nixon, and John L. Woodbury,
are hereby declared citizens of the State of Coahuila and Texas.
Abt. 2. The Executive shall issue them the corresponding letters of
citizenship.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State, shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 10th of October, 1827.
JOSE M. de CARDENAS, President,
MIGUEL ARCINEAGA, D. S.
JOSE I. SANCHES, D. S.
DEGREE No. 22.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree:
Art. 1. The Executive shall solicit contractors to open wagon roads
in places where there are none.
Abt. 2. Provisionally, the opening of the following roads shall be un-
dertaken, to wit:—That leading from the town of Guerrero, in the dis-
trict of the same name, to Laredo; that from Santa Rosa to the Presidio
del Norte by way of the Alameda: and that from this capital to Parras
by way of Infiernillo, or any other more convenient route.
Art. 3. The contractors shall enter into articles of agreement with the
Executive to indemnify themselves for their expense with the product of
the toll: and so soon as the said expenses, being the amount in which they
pledge themselves to complete the undertaking, shall be covered, the toll
thenceforth arising shall pay the profits on the capital as agreed on by
the Executive with the said contractors.
Art. 4. The contracts made by the Executive shall not go into ef-
fect until approved by Congress, to whom they shall be immediately
transmitted.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo the 12th of October, 1827.
JOSE M. de CARDENAS, President,
MIGUEL ARCINEAGA, D. S.
JOSE 1. SANCHES, D. S.
DECREE No. 23.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas decrees as follows:
Art. 1. In haciendas and ranchos containing a population of more
than five hundred souls, the respective electoral meetings or juntas shall
choose a commissary of police and a syndic,
(191)