88
Laics and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
by the Governor’s signature upon the first and last leaves, and the fig-
ure or rubrick of the secretary upon the rest.
Art. 22. The treasurer shall see that the different amounts are set
down on the date they occur, without designing them for another day,
to enable the Governor, as he shall deem proper, to make an extraordi-
nary adjustment of treasury accounts, independent of the ordinary, which
shall be made every month as provided in article 13.
Art. 23. On the day appointed for the ordinary suspension and adjust-
ment, the treasurer shall have all the amounts in the common journal
closed and signed, and the statement formed from those mentioned in
article 15, wherein are manifested the amounts entered, and those paid
out up to the day of adjustment
Abt. 24. The statement provided by the preceding articles .shall com-
prise a distinct account of the departments that have caused the entries
into the treasury, and of the distribution of expences; also a notice of the
chief agents who have made the entries it belongs to them to make, and
a note of those who shall have failed to make them.
Abt. 25. Besides the adjustment of the treasury, or particular account
of every month, the treasurer shall give a general account of the whole
year, for which he shall forward to the Governor a statement drawn up
in the same manner as the monthly, the original general day book, and
all the necessary proofs for confirming the said account.
Art. 26. He shall take a receipt from the Secretary of State for
the delivery of his annual account, and as soon as the said account is
approved, he shall receive an adequate document or certificate to that
effect.
Art. 27. The treasurer shall be amenable to the law of the 24th of
March, 1813, for all the faults he shall commit.
Art. 28. On days of festival the treasurer shall dress in black, with a
red sash trimmed with gold. In attendance on public ceremonies he
shall take his seat with the Ayuntamiento.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 7th of November, 1821.
JOSE F. MADERO, President,
JOSE I. SANCHES. D. S.
JOSE A. NAVARRO, D. S.
DECREE No. 31.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
In accusations made against the Assessor General for crimes in his
office, the Tribunal of Justice shall take cognizance agreeably to the
provision of article 197 of the Constitution, after the step is taken pro-
vided in article 4 of decree number 25, of the 22d of October last.
(198)