Laics and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
89
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State .shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 7th of November, 1827.
JOSE F. MADERO, President,
JOSE I. SANCHES, D. S.
JOSE A. NAVARRO. D. S.
DECREE No. 32.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
a
Art. 1. The hacienda of San Vicente Alto is hereby constituted ;
town, to be called Abasolo.
Art. 2. The said town may establish its Ayuntamiento, proceedin;
5
immediately to the election in conformity to article 37, for the financial
administration of the towns, given by the constituent Congress, to which
the said Ayuntamiento shall conform in the exercise of its attributes.
Art. 3. The limits of the new municipality aforesaid, shall embrace
the haciendas of San Vicente baxo, Saus, Tapado, Hermanas, Encinas,
and Alamo; the ranchos of Oballos and Vorregas, and all others situated
within the limits of the haciendas aforesaid.
Art. 4. The Governor shall see that the proper levels are assigned
the new town, water, and suitable grounds for public buildings, and
for all other establishments the law requires in new towns.
Art. 5. Judicial or administrative subjects, pertaining to the hacienda
constituted a town, that are now pending in the primary courts of Mon-
clova, shall be closed in the courts wherein they are at present placed,
unless the parties interested agree to have them terminated in those of
the new municipality, in which case they shall be permitted to do so,
submitting to the provision of the laws.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State .shall cause it to be
printed, published and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 14th of November, 1827.
JOSE F. MADERO. President.
JOSE 1. SANCHES, D. S.
JOSE A. NAVARRO, D. S.
DECREE No. 33.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
The Assessor General shall attend the general and weekly visits of
prisons, provided in articles 98 and 99 of the law regulating the adminis-
tration of justice.
(199)