Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
91
ART. 10. The agents of Monclova shall give bonds, for the faithful
performance of their duty, in the sum of four thousand dollars, those of
Saltillo and. Parras eight thousand each; and all the said agents shall re-
ceive as a compensation eight per cent, of the nett proceeds, after deduct-
ing all expense.
Abt. 11. The secretary’s office shall consist of a secretary and a clerk;
the former shall receive five hundred dollars, and the latter three hun-
dred dollars salary, per annum.
Art. 12. The salaries mentioned in the preceding article, office ex-
penses, cost of books and correspondence, as well as, freight, shelling,
.granary, and other necessary charges, shall be defrayed by the gross
tythe product of the State.
Abt. 13. The junta shall give the tythe gatherers instructions, to
which they shall conform in the collection.
Art. 14. The agents shall appear before the respective Alcaldes, that
they may compel those persons to pay the tythes who refuse to do so
voluntarily.
Art. 15. The agents, and their subordinate collectors, shall keep an
account of the fruits they collect, in large books, the first and last leaves
to be signed by the president of the junta, and the rest to be marked with
the rubric of the secretary of the same.
Art. 16. The parcels delivered shall express the date of their col-
lection, and contain the signatures of the persons by whom they were
paid, or those who sign in their name in consequence of their not being
able to write, also that of the Alcalde or commissary of the respective
place.
Art. 17. At the end of every year, the agents shall make out the
account of the whole collection made; specifying the fruits on hand,
and those turned into money, and forward the same authenticated, to be
revised by the junta, and approved should they be legal. They shall
also forward all the original books, wherein the parcels are minutely
and clearly manifested. Said books shall be made of paper stamped
with the fourth seal.
Art. 18. The junta, in view of all the accounts, shall make out a
general account, wherein the due distribution shall be expressed, and
shall take two exact copies therefrom to be passed to the Governor, one
to be kept by himself, and the other transmitted to Congress. A copy
shall be communicated to the sharers of the accounts of the tythe dis-
tricts in which they are interested.
Art. 19. The junta shall order a list made out of all persons who
have paid tythes, specifying the article and amount paid, and, ordering
the same printed, shall forward, through the channel of the respective
chiefs of department, a sufficient number of copies to all the Ayunta-
mientos, to be posted in the most public places.
Art. 20. The agent, or his subordinate, who shall be guilty of breach
of trust, besides disqualifying himself for being again entrusted, shall be
tried according to the law of the 24th of March, 1813.
(201)