92
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Art. 21. The junta shall draw up a set of regulations for the internal
administration thereof, and through the medium of the Governor pass
the same to Congress for approval.
Art. 22. Should any member of the junta be absolutely unable to
attend, his voice shall be supplied by his immediate successor at the
time.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 21st of November, 1827.
[The same Signers.]
DECREE No. 35.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas decrees the following
as additional articles to Decree No. 18 of the 15th of September last.
Art. 1. The slave who, for the sake of convenience, shall wish to
change his master, shall be permitted to do so, provided the new master
indemnify the former for what the slave cost him agreeably to the con-
veyance.
Art. 2. The manumission mentioned in the decree aforesaid shall not
take place should the owner of the slave be assasinated or poisoned by an
unknown hand, or die in any other unnatural way.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo the 24th of November, 1827.
[The same Signers.]
DECREE No. 36.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree:
Art. 1. The towns of Gigedo, Allende, Morelos, Roxas, Nava, and
Guerrero, shall be permitted to cut timber on the Rio Sabinas for the
term of three years, without paying the tax collected by the Ayunta-
miento of Santa Rosa.
Art. 2. The municipality of the said valley shall see that the cutting
be performed within the proper season for planting trees, and that those
who are allowed the privilege comply with the provision of article 119
of the financial regulations of the towns.
Art. 3. Should any fire occur, through negligence, during the time
of cutting timber, those who are culpable shall pay the damage agree-
ably to judicial estimate, and plant trees upon the extent of ground
burned over.
Art. 4. Those who shall wish to cut the timber they need, shall
previously give notice to the respective Ayuntamiento, that the same
( 202 )