94
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State, shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 26th of November, 1827.
JOSE F. MADERO, President,
- JOSE 1. SANCHES, Secretary.
JOSE A. NAVARRO, Sec’y.
DECREE No. 38.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree:
Art. 1. All Spaniards, accused by public authority, shall leave the
limits of the State within thirty days from the publication of this
law.
Art. 2. All single men, of whatever trade, station, rank, or occupa-
tion, including those domiciliated since the Constitution of the State was
adopted, even should they not be single, and married persons separated
from their families, shall leave within the aforementioned term.—Those
domiciliated thirty years in the Republic shall be excepted from the pro-
vision of the first part of this article.
Art. 3. No Spaniard shall settle in the State, or remain as a transient
or traveling person, longer than three days in any town within the
limits thereof, so long as Spain shall not acknowledge the Independence
of this Republic.
Art. 4. At the expiration of the fifteen days from the term specified
in article 1, the Ayuntamientos shall present to the Executive a list,
accompanied by a duplicate, of those Spaniards who, not being comprised
in this law, remain in the State: stating expressly their age, whether mar-
ried, profession, trade, or occupation, and time of residence in the Re-
public. On receipt of the aforesaid lists, the Executive shall pass one of
the same to Congress.
Art. 5. Those Spaniards, who agreeably to this law can remain in the
State, shall appear on the first of every month before the local authorities,
who shall examine the arms they have, not allowing them any other weap-
ons than such as are customary and necessary for their personal defence,
or to carry any others in public than a sword during the dangerous hours
of the night. The local authorities shall inform themselves concerning
the Spaniards who present themselves, and not suffer them to infringe
this law in the slightest manner, and should they do so they shall be
banished from the State.
Art. 6. Spaniards, who remain in the State, when they travel from
one place to another therein, shall obtain from the respective local au-
thorities a passport, in which a full description of the person shall be
given, which they shall present to the authorities of the town of their
destination. When they leave this State to go to another, they shall ob-
tain the passport, with the same requisites, from the Governor.
(204)