100
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 16th of March, 1828.
JOSE A. TIJERINA, President.
JOSE MARIA ECHIAS, D. S.
JOSE F. MADERO, D. S..
DECREE No. 48.
Rules of the Executive Council.
DECREE No. 49.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. The exclusive privilege of introducing boats, propelled by
steam or horse power, in that portion of the Rio del Norte that belongs
to the State, is hereby granted to John Davis Bradbourn and Stephen M.
C. L. Staples for the term of fifteen years, provided they render said river
navigable at their own expence.
Art. 2. The enjoyment of said privilege shall commence from the
time the aforementioned boats are first introduced.
Art. 3. During the said term of fifteen years no private tax. such as
it is in the power of the State to levy on steam or horse boats shall be laid
upon those belonging to the aforesaid undertakers, who, during the said
term, shall be subject only to such taxes as are now or shall be hereafter
established by general laws upon all vessels arriving in the ports of the
Republic.
Art. 4. The empresarios, to whom the foregoing privilege is granted,
may transfer the same, notifying the Executive Department of the State,
and provided the persons to whom the transfer is made do not belong to
a nation at war with the Republic of Mexico.
Art. 5. The aforesaid empresarios. of themselves, or through others,
mav colonize upon the borders of the aforementioned river all those lands
belonging to the State which they consider necessary for establishing
their own safety, and aiding themselves with timber and other utensils
suitable for purposes of navigation, conforming to the general and pri-
vate colonization laws.
Art. 6. Meanwhile, the undertakers examine the aforementioned
river to ascertain whether it be susceptible of navigation, whollv ot in
part, the Executive. by means of the subordinate authorities. shall afford
them all the protection within the compass of his powers, and shall inter-
est himself and obtain from the general government, by request, that they
be furnished with such military aid as their personal safety requires.
(210)