Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
101
Art. 7. Should the said impresarios, or the persons acting in their
stead, not fulfill their stipulation to put the navigation of the aforemen-
tioned river in successful operation in the term of two years, reckoned
from the publication of this decree, they shall forfeit the rights granted
them herein.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be printed,
published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 12th of April, 1828.
JOSE M. CARDENAS, President,
JOSE F. MADERO, D. S.
NEPOMUCENO V. RECTO, D. S.
DECREE No. 50.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, viewing the embar-
rassments of the State treasury from want of funds to meet the most,
urgent expences, and wishing furthermore'to prevent the difficulties
that would result to the State authorities from their limited means, and
even to the treasury itself in the event the necessary expences are not
strictly and punctually paid with its existing funds, has thought prop-
er to decree:
Art. 1. The office of Councillor is hereby suspended for the present,
until the State is able to defray the expense thereof; and the Executive,
in so far as it is his duty to consult the Council, shall proceed of himself,
availing himself of the aid of the standing deputation during the recess
of Congress.
Art. 2. The Vice Governor shall receive pay only when he officiates
on account of death, sickness, or absence on the part of the Governor,
and, while he is repairing to the capital, should he not belong there, the
acting president of the Tribunal of Justice shall discharge the duties of
Governor, providing a substitute to exercise his judicial functions agree-
ably to the law regulating the administration of justice.
Art. 3. The establishment of a treasury is hereby suspended for the
present until the State has sufficient funds; the regulation and distribu-
tion of its expences continuing as heretofore, with the appointment of an
additional clerk to assist exclusively in the accounts of this department.
Art. 4. The department and district chiefs, except the one in Texas,
are likewise hereby suspended for the present in the exercise of their
functions, and the Ayuntamientos of each shall communicate directly
with the Executive through the channel of the first Alcalde.	;
Eor its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be printed,
published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 17th of April, 1828.
[The same Signers.]
(211)