Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
103
Art. 2. Any person who shall refuse to comply with the provision
of the preceding article, shall incur a fine of from one to twenty-five dol-
lars, according to the opinion of the judge, to he appropriated to the
funds for public instruction; and the payment of the said fine shall not
affect his obligation to comply with the charge conferred.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 3d of May, 1828.
[The same Signers.]
DECREE No. 56.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, attending to the de-
ficiency of working men to give activity to agriculture and the other
arts, and desiring to facilitate their introduction into the State, as well
as the growth and prosperity of the said branches, has thought proper
to decree:
All contracts, not in opposition to the laws of the State, that have
been entered into in foreign countries, between emigrants who come to
settle in this State, or between the inhabitants thereof, and the servants
and day laborers or working men whom they introduce, are hereby guar-
anteed to be valid in said State.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 5th of May, 1828.
[The same Signers.]
DECREE No. 57.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, having considered the
error committed in the secretary’s office on communicating the Decree
No. 48, in article 43 thereof, has thought proper to rectify said article
in the manner it was approved, which is as follows:
Art. 43. Should one of the voters of the council preside at any of
said ballotings on account of the death, or any other legal cause on the
part of the original president, and there should not be a majority of vote
the balloting shall be suspended until the next ordinary session, when it
shall be repeated once only, and should there still be a tie it shall be
decided by lot. To decide by lot, slips shall be cut precisely alike,
whereon the names that are to be drawn shall be written by the secretary
in presence of the president: and the tickets, having been folded alike
and placed in an urn, shall be drawn by the officer of the secretary’s
office.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 6th of May, 1828.
[The same Signers.]
(213)