108
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be printed,
published, and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 25th of September, 1828.
JOSE I. SANCHES, President,
JOSE M. ARTIA, D. S.
MIGUEL ARCINEAGA, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated, and duly
fulfilled.
Leona Vicario, September 26th, 1828.
JOSE MARIA VIESCA.
JUAN Antonio Padilla, Secretary.
DECREE No. 66.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
The deficiency of the time of practice required by law for being ad-
mitted as a counsellor, on the part of Eleuterio Maria de la Garza, is here-
by dispensed with.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be printed,
published, and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 27th September, 1828.
[The same Signers.]
DECREE No. 67.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. Debts contracted by hired servants with their masters, pre-
vious to the publication of this law, shall be paid in the manner and form
they have bargained.
Art. 2. In future when a servant obtains employment, the contract
he makes with his master shall be set down at the head of his account,
wherein shall be manifested the manner he is to pay the debt he con-
tracts; the agreement shall be authenticated by two witnesses, and signed
by the same, the master, the servant if he can write, or another person in
his name.
Art. 3. To rescind the contract mentioned in the foregoing article,
the agreement of the parties shall be required.
Art. 4. Amounts ministered to servants, in part payment for their la-
bor, shall be in money, or effects not exceeding the ordinary prices of
the market; and both master and servant shall be entirely free, the one
to furnish, and the other to accept.
Art. 5. In future no payment shall be made in advance to exceed
what the servant can obtain as the reward of labor with the whole of
one year’s wages. Debts now pending, and supplies furnished to ser-
(218)