Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
109
vants in their own sickness, or that of their families, shall be excepted
from the provision of this article.
Abt. 6. To idiotic servants no payment shall be made in advance ex-
ceeding ten dollars, without the knowledge of the Alcalde, or a person
of known probity.
Abt. 7. The master shall shew the servant his account as often as
requested, and the latter may sue the former before the Alcalde, when
he thinks himself aggrieved by illegality or any other cause.
Abt. 8. In haciendas, agricultural ranchos, or any other establishments
situated out of town, masters, superintendants and stewards, are hereby
authorized to punish servants who fail in the faithful fulfilment of their
duties, or disobey their superior, by arrest not exceeding four days, or
with shackles for the same length of time.
Abt. 9. When the master enters a complaint to the Alcalde, on account
of the incorregibility of the servant, the Alcalde may punish him with
shackles, or other correctional penalties, to cause him to return to his
duty; observing, in these cases, the provision of articles 2, 3, and 4, of
the law regulating the administration of justice.
Abt. 10. Should the servant sue the master for excessive chastisement,
the Alcalde shall terminate the suit after taking the course pointed out
in the foregoing article, but shall not be permitted to exonerate the
servant from the debt he owes his master.
Abt. 11. The use of the whip for correcting servants shall forever be
prohibited.
Abt. 12. The master shall furnish the servant during sickness, accord-
ing to his class, and on account of his labor, with the necessary suste-
nance and medicine. Should it not be convenient for the master to pro-
vide the servant with his sustenance, the latter may request it of another
person, in the understanding that the value thereof shall be paid as a
privileged debt.
Abt. 13. Copies of this law shall be posted in the public places in all
the towns of the State, and upon the doors of the chief houses of the
haciendas and ranchos of the same.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 30th September, 1828.
JUAN A. GONZALES, President,
JOSE MORELOS AETIA, D. S.
MIGUEL AECINEAGA, D. S.
DECEEE No. 68.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
The communications which, previous to Decree No. 50, were direct-
ed to the Vice Governor, and to the department and district chiefs,
shall be transmitted, so long as they do not officiate, to the Governor of
(219)