110
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
the State, who shall preside all the acts the constitution prescribes to
the former.
Eor its fulfilment, the Governor. of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario cn the 30th September, 1838.
[The same Signers. I
DECREE No. 69.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, hereby enacts the fol-
lowing as additional articles to decree No. 58.
Abt. 1. Of the corps and companies of local militia, assigned by article
9 of the regulations on the subject, as indispensable force of the State,
one squadron of cavalry is hereby suppressed.
Art. 2. The fractions mentioned in articles from 16 to 21 of said regu-
lations, may be organized not only in pickets, thirds, halves, and whole
companies, as therein provided, but also in squadrons and battalions,
should their number and force reach that required for forming said corps.
Art. 3. The requisite of being a Mexican by birth to discharge the
duties of militia officer is hereby abolished.
Art. 4. The civil functionaries, mentioned in exception fourth of ar-
ticle 95, shall be the public officers, civil and political, of the State,
of whatever character, station, office or trust, during their continuance in
office.
Art. 5. The form of the oath which constitutes the substance of article
113, shall be reduced to the following:—You solemnly swear, in the.pres-
ence of God, to use the arms, the country places in your hands, in defence
of her independence, of the constitution of the Republic, and that of the
State.
Art. 6. To the oath taken by the soldiers the following words shall be
added, “faithfully to obey the officers you have chosen, and to respect the
lawfully constituted authorities.”
Eor its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause.it to be printed,
published, and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 30th September, 1828.
[The same Signers.]
DECREE No. 70.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Abt. 1. The lands acquired by virtue of colonization law, whether gen-
eral laws of the Republic or private laws of the State, by native
or foreign colonists, and by empresarios, shall not be subject to the pay-
(220)