112
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
ments that the donation or legacy is legally founded, the funds that have
been taken shall be restrained.
Abt. 4. Should any dispute arise from the presentation of these in-
struments or titles, relative to the establishment of the confraternities or
legacies, between the parish curate and Ayuntamiento, the one sustain-
ing that they are legal, and the other that they are not, the respective
judicial record shall be drawn, expressing the grounds each one has for
sustaining his object and pretension, and forwarded through the channel
of the Alcalde to the Assessor General of the State, for him to decide
thereon according to law.
Art. 5. From said decision an appel may be had to the tribunal of
justice, conceded, as the case may be, by the law No. 39, of the 21st of
June, 1827, regulating the administration of justice.
Art. 6. The expense incured by the Ayuntamiento in these cases,
shall be defrayed out of the municipal funds after the account is legally
proved.
For its fulfilment, the. Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 21st of January, 1829.
DECREE No. 72.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
The expression, until Congress appoints another, contained in art. 69
of the organic law for the administration of justice, shall he understood
only in relation to the death of the officers proper, mentioned in the
same article.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 29th of January, 1829.
DECREE No. 73.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
The fortress of La Bahia del Espiritu Santo, in the department of
Texas, may be called the town of Goliad.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 4th of February, 1829.
( 222 )