Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
113
DECREE No. 74.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Abt. 1. Every military man, retired from service, receiving pay for
his services, and having no other occupation or emolument in the State,
shall be exonerated from paying the assessment, which, as exempt from
the service of the civic militia, he is required to pay, agreeably to article
98 of the law on the subject, No. 58, regulating the civic militia of the
State.
Abt. 2. The military men retired from service, mentioned in the pre-
ceding article, who follow any industrious pursuit, or possess any kind of
property, besides the pay allowed to those of their class, shall be obligated
to pay the tax designated in the aforementioned article 98.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be printed,
published and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 4th day of February, 1829.
DECREE No. 75.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree as follows:
James Power is hereby declared a citizen of the State; in pursuance
thereof, the Executive shall order the letter of citizenship to be issued
in his favor.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 6th of February, 1829.
DECREE No. 76.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, in attention to the
difficulties manifested by the tribunal of justice, with regard to the
true construction of article 4, law No. 25, of the 22d of October 1827,
has decreed as follows:
The voice of Alcalde, which article 4, law No. 25, of the 22d of Octo-
ber, comprises. shall have reference to the judicial acts wherein said
functionaries take cognizance as primary judges.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 6th of February, 1829.
DECREE No. 77.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
The Executive, with the concurrence of the ecclesiastical authority
of the State, shall proceed to request, as an aid, of the bishops of the
(223 )