114
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Republic, the secular or regular ecclesiastics required for curates in the
new towns of the department of Texas.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 12th of February, 1829.
JOSE M. CARDENAS, President,
JOSE I. SANCHES, D. S.
JUAN N. DE LA PENA, D. S.
DECEEE No. 78.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Two -years in addition to the term assigned by article 8 of the colo-
nization law of the 24th of March, 1825, are hereby granted to John L.
Woodbury to enable him to carry into effect the contract ratified with
the Executive of the State on the 14th of November, 1826.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 12th of February, 1829.
[The- same Signers.]
DECREE No. 79.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas decrees the following
as additional articles to Decree No. 3, of the 31st of July, 1827.
Art. 1. The two per cent., established by Decree No. 3, on the ex-
portation of coin, shall be paid, whatever be the amount exported.
Art. 2. The amount which the Alcaldes and officers,in whose presence
the aforementioned payment shall be made, agree and determine upon
as necessary for travelling expenses, shall be excepted from the payment
aforesaid.
Art. 3. The sum excepted may be from one to three hundred dollars,
which it shall not exceed; and the passport, required by article 7 of the
aforementioned law, shall be previously obtained.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 26th of February, 1829.
DECREE No. 80.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to explain some doubts
that have been agitated relative to the true meaning of Decree No. 28,
of the 2d of November, 1827. has thought proper to decree the follow-
ing as additional articles to the aforementioned decree.
Art. 1. The twenty-five dollars fine, imposed on smugglers of tobacco
by article 2 of Decree No. 28, shall be aded to the State rents.
(224)