116
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 13th of March, 1829.
RAFAEL MANCHOLA, President.
JUAN N. de la PENA, D. S.
JOSE MARIA ARAGON, D. S.
DECREE No. 83.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. A rent of two hundred dollars per annum shall be paid for a
building, to be occupied by the Agency, of the state revenue.
Art. 2. Said rent shall commence from the time the building, which
the community may furnish, shall be opened as a Custom House—the
building to be sufficiently large for depositing therein all kinds of cargo
that may have been delayed from any cause, or for which the duties are
not paid.
Art. 3. Every half mule load; of whatever kind, size and condition,
that shall remain deposited in the custom house over five days, on being
removed, shall pay one, two and three quarter rials storage, agreeably to
the following rule: a half load, the value whereof does not exceed from
one to thirty dollars, shall pay one quarter rial; from thirty to one hun-
dred, two; and exceeding that amount, three quarter rials.
Art. 4. After the completion of the first five days mentioned in the
preceding article, the cargo that remains in the custom house shall be
taxed at the rate of two quarter rials a month, storage.
Art. 5. In a seperate book the Agency shall keep an account of the
product of the aforementioned storage, specifying the partial or seperate
amounts thereof.
Art. 6. The owners of cargo consisting of wool, brown sugar, cotton,
hides and salt, that cannot be deposited in the custom house for want of
space, shall be permitted to store the same in private houses, previously
furnishing the respective bill of lading, and security for the duties.
Art. 7. Cargo, that is not deposited in the custom house for the rea-
sons mentioned in the preceding article, shall be exempted from paying
tax of storage.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 14th of March, 1829.
[The same Signers.]
(226)