Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
119
formed, to be renewed every year on the last of December, whether in
augmentation or diminution of the respective monthly amount, as the
agent shall judge proper.
ART. 3. The aforementioned contracts shall be written down in a
book, to be kept for that purpose, and signed by the persons interested,
and agent of the rents.
Abi. 4. Contractors, against whom any abuse shall be proved, in per-
mitting or authorizing any effects to be introduced under their names
shall be treated as thieves, and the fine and other penalties prescribed,
as the case may be, by articles 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5, of law No. 7, shall be
indicted upon them as such.
Abt. 5. The agents of the state rents shall be obligated to observe the
two preceding articles, under their most rigid responsibility, and penalty
of losing their office, should bribery, subornation, or any other partiality
they exercise to the injury of the concerns they manage, be proved
against them—and shall furthermore be subject to the penalties they
deserve according to the laws and circumstances.
Abt. 6. The Executive shall cause the agent to proceed immediately
to collect the duties resulting from fruits, crops, flour &c., introduced
from the beginning of 1824, until the present by the owners of haciendas,
ranchos, or bakeries without effecting the corresponding payment accord-
ing to law.
Abt. 7. For the collection provided in the preceding article the agents
of the rents shall conform, either to the amount of equal periodical pay-
ments established until the end of 1824, or to statements the persons
interested shall present him with their signature, wherein the introduc-
tions they have made during the whole of this period shall be duly mani-
fested.
Abt. 8. The Executive shall give notice to congress as soon as the
duties in arrears are collected, manifesting the amount, endeavoring to
do so before the close of the sessions.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 26th of March, 1829.
[The same Signers.]
DECREE No. 86.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Abt. 1. Debts contracted by servants, or by their masters with them,
shall be paid in the manner and form they have bargained, with the
exception of those of the following article.
Abt. 2. Joint accounts between two or more servants, even should
they be father and sons are hereby absolutely prohibited, and those now
(229)