122
Laivs and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
DECREE No. 87.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, taking into view the
importance of various subjects yet undecided, and whereon a resolu-
tion is imperatively demanded, inexercise of the privilege granted by
article 87 of the constitution, decrees. ■
The sessions shall be prorogued another month.
for its fuinlment, the governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 28th of April, 1829.
[The same Signers.]
DECREE No. 88.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
The first of the sole Alcaldes of the district capitals, shall be the chan-
nels, through which the executive shall communicate the orders and de-
crees which on account of being circulars, are to be transmitted to all the
towns of the State; on other subjects that offer the executive shall com-
municate directly with the Alcaldes and Ayuntamientos. .
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 29th of April, 1829.
JOSE M. CARDENAS, President.
RAMON GARCIA ROXAS, D. S.
MARIANO GARCIA, D. S.
DECREE No. 89.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. On the opening of the ordinary sessions the second term, the
executive shall present to congress a nomination of three persons, well in-
formed, and qualified to perform the general visit of Ayuntamientos in
the state.
Art. 2. The investiture and attributes of this officer, in the discharge
of his commission, shall be those that belong to him as a delegate of the
executive of the state.
Art. 3. The executive shall form the instructions, to which the per-
son appointed shall conform, also proposing the salary to be given them,
in order that, after the corresponding approval of congress, he may enter
on the discharge of his commission.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 29th of April, 1829.
[The same signers.]
(232)