128
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Art. 2. Each of the said schools shall be situated in the respective
capital of the department.
Art. 3. The teachers shall be engaged for three years, on solicitation
of the executive, who, to admit them, shall be satisfied of their veracity,
qualifications and general merit.
Art. 4. Each teacher shall take charge of the department that falls
to his lot, and each shall receive eight hundred dollars per annum, paya-
ble monthly in advance.
Art. 5. Said establishments shall be composed of one hundred and
fifty pupils each, and when they exceed this number, the teacher may
request an increase of salary, drawing up a petition containing informa-
tion on the part of the Ayuntamiento, which, through the channel of the
executive shall be presented to congress for their resolution.
Art. 6. The three teachers together shall form a set of regulations, to
govern the schools, which being completed they shall present to the ex-
ecutive for his approbation; and when this is obtained the original shall
be deposited in the archives, and a sufficient number of copies printed to
be circulated to all the authorities of the state.
Art. 7. The teachers shall instruct the pupils in reading, writing,
arithmetic, the dogma of the Catholic Religion, and all Ackermann’s
catechisms of arts and sciences.
Art. 8. The Ayuntamientos shall ascertain what children of the mu-
nicipality are unable to pay, and’ whose parents wish to send them to
school, but do not for want of means.
Art. 9. From among the said poor children the Ayuntamiento shall
take from one to five by lot, and send them to the establishment to be
sustained by the municipal funds: where there are none such, a volun-
tary subscription shall be raised for that object; in either case one shall
be sent without fail, to be taken always by lot. Said children shall be
received gratis in the school, being furnished by the state with what
articles they need for their instruction.
Art. 10. Also the children of those citizens in the department of
Texas, who contributed to establish the present school fund of the capi-
tal, shall he admitted gratis, provided they continue paying the quota
they agreed.
Art. 11. The Ayuntamientos shall require citizens, who have the
means, to send their children to the establishments, and with those who
are obstinate in complying, whether from vicinity, negligence, or apathy,
they shall take such measures as they consider to be just.
Art. 12. To support the expense to be defrayed a fund shall be cre-
ated in the capital of each department, to be under the charge of the re-
spective Ayuntamiento, with power to appoint a depositary, from within
or without their own board,
(238)