Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
181
Art. 5. They shall also supply those belonging to a trade that re-
quires two or more workmen with a loom or machine, allowing them
hands, also delinquents, to assist them in the labor, and the contractor
shall appoint such person as deserves his confidence as master of these
small frames or looms.
Art. 6. Those who leave the prison agreeably to the provision of the
two foregoing articles, shall establish themselves in the town they select
previous to leaving, under immediate inspection of the local authorities
of the place of their residence, to whom the contractor shall give season-
able notice.
Art. 7. The contractors at the end of every year shall publish a mani-
fest, giving a detail of their prison, of the progress of the prisoners, and
a minute account of the expenses and product of their undertaking, and
the latter shall be subject to a counter examination.
Art. 8. At the expiration of the first contract, which shall be stipu-
lated for five years, the available buildings shall remain for the benefit
of the state.
Art. 9. The state pledges itself to the contractors to destine to their
establishments one-half of all the prisoners sentenced to the fortresses or
public works, and furthermore all vagrants designated in article 133, of
Law No. 37.
Art. 10. The prisoners shall be employed by the contractro in what-
ever mechanical trade they like, endeavoring not to shift them from one
trade to another before they are perfectly taught in that wherein they
were first placed.
Art. 11. The product of the labour of the prisoners shall be for the
benefit of the contractor during the two first years from the first intro-
duction of prisoners that takes place; and the profits of the last three
years shall be divided between the state and the contractor.
Art. 13. The conducting of the prisoners to the prison shall be de-
frayed out of the state rents.
Art. 13. The executive in presence of the contractor of these estab-
lishments shall draw articles, regulating the contracts as he shall deem
proper, not in opposition to this decree.
Art. 14. The state obligates itself punctually to fulfill the stipulations
made in the contracts, provided they obtain the approval of con-
gress.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published. and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 13th of May, 1829.
[The same Signers.]
DECREE No. 94.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree:
Art. 1. The intervening officers, whom, by virtue of article 1, of
the general tariff of maratime custom houses, the state should place in
16 — VOL. I.
(241)