134
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
DECREE No. 100.
Municipal Ordinances of the Ayuntamiento of Austin.
DECREE No. 101.
Municipal Ordinances of the Ayuntamiento of Eosas.
DECEEE No. 102.
Internal regulations of the Executive department of the State.
DECREE No. 103.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, taking into view
the popular arrangement the constitution contemplated giving to the
appointment of the magistrates of the tribunal of justice, and that the
extension of the powers of the executive conferred in the eighth of his
attributes might comprise the substitutes of long continuance, should
they be appointed by him, has thought proper to decree as follows:
Art. 1. The substitutes of ministers of the tribunal of justice, and
attorney general, whose continuance in office does not exceed one year,
shall be appointed by the executive of himself, according to article 69 of
the law regulating the administration of justice.
Art. 2. The substitute of assessor general of the state, shall also be
appointed by the executive, observing the provision of the foregoing ar-
ticle.
Art. 3. Substitutes whose term exceeds one year shall be appointed
by congress on nomination of three by the executive, who, in case of
recess, shall appoint the substitutes comprised in the preceding articles
until congress having convened, hears the nomination and determines
the appointment, unless in case of sickness on the part of those officers
comprised in this decree, whose term is one year, and whom the execu-
tive supposes will recover in one or two months, in which case he shall
appoint a substitute to the appointment made by himself, by virtue of
article 1.
Art. 4. The substitutes comprised in this decree shall be duly sworn
before congress, and during the recess thereof, before the executive.
Art. 5. Since all provisional substitution that cannot be prolonged
in case of death, except inasmuch as circumstances require, shall be com-
prised in the foregoing articles, the decree No. 72 is hereby repealed.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given at the citv of Leona Vicario on the 30th of May, 1829.
JOSE MANUEL CARDENAS, President.
EAMON GAECIA EOJAS. D. S.
JOSE MAEIA ARAGON, D. S.
DECEEE No. 104.
Letter of procedure.
(244)