Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
135
DECREE No. 105.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas convened in extra-
ordinary sessions, has thought proper to decree as follows:
Art. 1. Spaniards, unmarried, and widowers without children, who re-
main in the state, shall exhibit as forced loan one third of their capi-
tal; those married, without children, and widows with only one child,
one fifth: and those of both, having more than one child, one eighth.
Art. 2. The capitals of Spaniards, who, under any pretext, accom-
panying the invading exepedition, or reside in any of the Spanish do-
minions, shall be confiscated, and annexed to the state rents.
Art. 3. The capital of Spaniards who are now in a friendly or neutral
country, whether consisting in real securities, cash or goods, shall be
sequestrated, and the latter sold by a depository, who shall deliver the
proceeds of each to the respective agencies.
Art. 4. Those who have left their wives and children in the Re-
public shall be excepted from the provision of the two foregoing ar-
ticles, and be considered as comprised in article 1st.
Art. 5. The executive shall regulate the appointment of the deposi-
tory, and the manner of receiving his accounts.
Art. 6. Every person, who, in any way favors any concealment of
the property specified in this decree, shall be fined in the amount of
the value concealed, and shall furthermore be banished ten years from
. the state, and any one who. shall, directly or indirectly, cooperate in an
effective manner in favor of the Spanish expedition, shall forfeit his life;
for inflicting this and the foregoing penalities, the information of the
fact, and previous opinion of the assessor shall suffice.
Art. 7. During the war, fifteen per. cent, shall be deducted from
the pay, or any other profit, nor more, than one hundred, nor less than
twenty five dollars a month, received by all public officers of. the state.
From the pay of those who receive more, twenty per. cent, shall be de-
ducted; and in respect to those, who have voluntarily offered more than
this article requires, only the former deduction shall be exacted.
Art. 8. During the Spanish invasion, the executive is hereby autho-
rized to exercise the following powers—
First.—To assemble and place under arms so much force belonging
to the civic militia of the state as can be paid with the funds mentioned
in the foregoing articles, and means established in this law.
Second.—To regulate the discipline of said militia, without subjection
to the code, and especially, to plan the subordination thereof, and dis-
pose of the force as circumstances shall render most proper.
(245)