136
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Third.—To levy by assessment in the whole state a forced loan of
twenty thousand dollars, the payment whereof shall commence in one
year from the evacuation of the Republic by the invaders; should it not
be possible to close the payments after the expiration of this term, an in-
terest of four per cent, shall be assigned those who furnish the loan, un-
til the total liquidation of the capital.
Fourth.—In any urgent case, should it be difficult, in the opinion of
the executive, for the permanent deputation to1 convene, he may pro-
ceed of himself, taking such measures as he shall deem necessary for
the saftey of the state, giving subsequent notice to congress of his opera-
tions, and the motives thereof.
Fifth.—To include in the twenty thousand dollars loan specified in
power third the Ecclesiastics residing in the state with the concurrence
of their respective bishops, with the exception of the patrimonial or privi-
leged property they enjoy.
Sixth.—To fulfil, when circumstances imperatively demand, the laws
and orders of the national authorities, which in ordinary circumstances
would require the intervention of congress; making suitable provision
for the execution thereof.
Abt. 9. The state rents, and capital specified in articles 1, 2 and 3,
shall be liable or subject to the payments specified in power third.
Abt. 10. The tax of article 98 of the regulations of the civic militia,
shall include those who, passed fifty years of age still appear of them-
selves.
Abt. 11. Those who, on account of being engaged in their own, or
the concerns of others, wish to be exempted from the service to which
they are destined by power first of article 8, shall exhibit from ten to
forty dollars at once, and from four rials to two dollars per month during
the Avar; the execption mentioned in this article shall continue for two
years; and both this, and the impost shall be at the discretion of the
executive.
Abt. 12. The executive shall have power to fill vacancies of field
officers that occur in the civic militia, selecting from the same battalion,
or respective squadron, the most suitable persons, without subjecting
himself to the rigid scale of promotion, having power to select from
among the exempts mentioned in article 10, which favor shall not in-
clude the officers.
Abt. 13. This decree shall be observed provisionally so long as the
circumstances continue that have given rise thereto, with .the excep-
tion of articles 2 and 6, which shall still remain in force.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given at the citv of Leona Vicario on the 5th of September, 1829.
JOSE M. BALMASEDA, President.
IGNACIO SENDEJAS, D. S.
VICENTE VALDES, D. S. ,
(246)