138
Laius and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
DECREE No. 109.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, viewing that the cir-
cumstances that gave rise to decree No. 105 of the fifth of September
last, have now disappeared in the republic, has thought proper to de-
cree af follows:
Articles 4, -5, 7 and the Sth in the first, second, fourth and sixth
powers thereof of the aforementioned decree, are hereby repealed.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be.
printed, published, and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 5th of January, 1830.
JOSE MARIA BALMASEDA, President.
IGNACIO SENDIJAS, Secretary.
VICENTE VALDES, Secretarv.
DECREE No. 110.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, pursuant to their
pronunciamiento in favor of the plan of the army of reserve, proclaimed
in Xalapa, and sanctioned in decre No. 108, agreeably to the second
article thereof has thought proper to decree:
Abt. 1. The republic being afflicted with notorious misfortune in con-
sequence of abuse committed in the different departments of its admin-
istration, the general congress is hereby requested to remove all tlm
officers, against whom the public opinion has been clearly manifested.
Abt. 2. The general congress is hereby requested, on opening its ses-
sions, to propose to the congress of the state such measures as in its opin-
ion may contribute to remedy the evils mentioned in the preceding ar-
ticle, and promote the public welfare.
Abt. 3. The state solemnly promises not to co-operate in measures-
tending to party revenge which the public policy and convenience re-
quire should be regarded as extinguished and forgotten.
Abt. 4. In pursuance thereof the state declares itself protector of the
army reserve, provided said army punctually fulfil the promises and guar-
antees set forth in the plan they have published or proclaimed, and with
that understanding the executive of the state shall furnish said army
with such aid as the funds of the public revenue permit.
Abt. 5. The executive shall carry on his usual correspondence with
the national executive, resident in the capital of the republic.
Abt. 6. The executive shall forward this decree accompanied
by his respective explanatory despatch to the said national execu-
(248)