144
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
DECREE No. 124.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to explain the meaning
of articles 163 and 166 of the constitution, and remove the doubts on
the question proposed by the municipality of Monclova for filling the
present vacancies that have occurred therein, has thought proper to
decree the following as additional articles to the law No. 30.
Art. 1. Should two or more persons be chosen at the same election of
officers of the Ayuntamiento, who are disqualified for discharging mu-
nicipal offices, at the same time on account of their relationship, as the
law on the-subject provides, the choice having the most votes, whether
for offices of the same, or of a different name, shall be valid, and that of
the other relatives shall not be carried into effect, and the said office shall
be discharged by the person who, in the order of the respective list, re-
ceives the greatest number of votes.
Art. 2. When the aforementioned relatives are chosen at the same
election by an equal number of votes, the choice for the office of the high-
est rank shall be preferred, and the first with respect to the second, the
latter with -respect to the third shall be considered as such in offices of
the same kind or name; and in those of a different name, that of Alcalde
with respect to that of Regidor; and the latter with respect to that of
Syndic; observing what is furthermore provided in the second part of
article 1.
Art. 3. When any municipal office becomes vacant, the person receiv-
ing the greatest number of votes in the order of the respective list shall
enter on the discharge of the same, and the person newly entering the
Ayuntamiento shall rank lowest in the respective kind of offices.
Art. 4. The aforementioned person, provided he serves four months
at least, shall obtain no other, nor be elected to the same municipal of-
fice until after two years from having served therein.—The same- rule
shall be observed with respect to those, who resign municipal offices from
legal impediment, that afterwards disappears.
Art. 5. The Ayuntamientos shall be presided by the respective politi-
cal chiefs, in their default, by the first Alcaldes, and in default of the
latter, by the second; and so on successively by the members of the cor-
poration, according to the order of their seniority.
Art. 6. Temporary defaults of Syndicks shall be supplied by the jun-
ior, and those of Alcaldes by the senior Regidores.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published; and circulated.
Given in the citv of Leona Vicario on the 23rd of March, 1830.
JOSE MANUEL CARDENAS, President.
JOSE MARIA BALMASEDA, D. S.
MARIANO GARCIA, D. S.
(251)