Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
145
DECREE No. 125.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, regarding the serious
evils, experienced by the state in the administration of justice from
the want of assessor general, and the facility with which the persons
appointed resign this office; and solicitous on their part of preventing
the injury suffered by the administration; has thought proper to de-
cree:
The person who shall be appointed assessor general and resign, shall
be obligated by the executive to serve provisionally until congress re-
solves as the same shall think proper for filling his station.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 2d of April, 1830.
VICENTE VALDES, President.
MARIANO GARCIA, D. S.
JOSE MARIA ARAGON, D. S.
DECREE No. 126.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, having observed some
defects in the internal regulations of the secretary office of the depart-
ment of state, and desiring to supply the same, has thought proper to
reforn the article 45 of said regulations, as follows—
Art. 45,—At the close of every month the secretary shall form the
statement of presupposed ordinary expenses of the office, and that of the
respective pay of all the officers thereof, which documents shall include
the respective vouchers, shewing all and each one of the component sums
thereof, and with these indispensable requisites they shall be paid by the
treasury.
Additional, after article 49, article 52 of the politico-financial regula-
tions of the towns is hereby repealed.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 3d of April, 1830.
[The same Signers.]
Returned accompanied by remarks on the part of the executive, on the
13th, and referred to the committee on executive affairs.
DECREE No. 127.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, taking into consid-
eration the obstacles encountered in the administration of justice with
the practice established by article 56 of decree No. 39; also that the
primary judges will often acquit criminals deserving capital punish-
( 255 )