Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
153
guilty of the crime of
ment of
. Signature.
, and therefore condemn him to the punish-
Art. 17. The majority shall form the sentence, and until this be
determined, the jury shall not be dissolved, or the discussion closed.
Art. 18. Should the verdict of acquittal be given, the prisoner shall be
discharged.
Art. 19. Should a verdict of guilty be given, the proceedings shall
be passed to the first hall of the tribunal of justice, which shall re-
view the process and verdict within five days from the receipt thereof,
and whether the punishment be, by said hall, increased or diminished,
the proceedings shall be returned within ten days from the receipt
thereof.
Art. 20. The sentence moderated or approved by the. aforementioned
hall shall be executed without appeal: from those wherein the said hall
increases the punishment, an appeal may be had to the second hall, pray-
ing a remission, but should the increased punishment, notwithstanding
this step, be again declared, the sentence shall be final, and be carried
into execution.
Art. 21. Should the sentence mentioned in the preceding article be
that of capital punishment in the trial by the jury, although confirmed
by the first hall, an appeal may be made to the tribunal of justice only,
which must take cognizance united.
Art. 22. Should sentence of death be pronounced, it shall be executed
by shooting the prisoner, to be done by soldiers of the standing army,
or civic militia, at nine o’clock in the morning, at the public place, which
the first political authority of the district where the. prisoner is, shall
designate.
Art. 23. The jurors shall in no case be responsible for the verdict
they pronounce, and this charge cannot be declined by citizens having
no moral or physical impediment.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 19th of April, 1830.
VICENTE VALDES, President.
JOSE MARIA ARAGON, D. S.
MARIANO GARCIA, D. S.
Received the remarks of the executive on the 1st of September, 1830,
and was returned to the committee on legislation.
DECREE No. 137.
Municipal Ordinances of the town of Abasolo.
Executive Department of the State )
of Coahuila and Texas. j
The Governor, pro.' tem. of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all
the inhabitants thereof: Be it known, that the Congress of said State has
decreed as follows:
(263)