156
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
duties in the receivers’ office of excise in the hacienda de palomas, being
governed by the amount of stock and funds to be managed by the officer
who has charge of said office, talcing care that the revenue be always se-
cure: in pursuance thereof, article 3 of the aforementioned decree is here-
by repealed.
Abt. 2. That the said establishment may have its full desired effect,
the same shall be furnished with a mounted custom house officer, to be
paid twelve dollars a month, and to perform the duties imposed on that
kind of officers.
Eor its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 23d April, 1830.
DECREE No. 142.
Municipal Ordinances of the town of Candelas.
DECREE No. 143.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, in attention to the ob-
servations made by the Ayuntamiento of this city relative to the evils
caused by the observance of articles 2, 3 and 4, of decree No. 42 of the
2d of January 1828, decrees—•
Abt. 1. The religious festivals solemnized in future shall be by collec-
tion of voluntary alms among the faithful and the appointment of festi-
val officers, as heretofore observed, shall be prohibited.
Abt. 2. In pursuance thereof the articles 3 and 4 of the aforemen-
tioned decree No. 42, are hereby repealed.
Eor its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 20th of April, 1830.
DECREE No. 144.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, in view of the present
reduced state of the public treasury, has thought proper to decree:
Abt. 1. The office of attorney general of the supreme tribunal of the
state is hereby suspended until congress determines the proper measure,
and during the interval the functions of said minister shall be discharged
in the following manner.
Abt. 2. In business wherein it belongs to the first hall to take cogni-
zance, the ministers of the second and third shall officiate as attorney
generals, alternately as the first hall shall direct; in that pertaining
to the second, the ministers of the first and third alternately as the sec-
(266)