Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
157
ond hall shall direct: and in that belonging to the third, the ministers
of the first and second, alternately as the third hall shall direct.
ART. 3. Business pertaining to the cognizance of the tribunal united
shall be despatched by said tribunal without requiring the audience of an
attorney general.
ART. 4. The records and business now pending in the attorney gen-
eral’s office shall be returned to the tribunal, and to the respective halls,
wherein they are established, and shall be distributed and dispatched in
the manner provided in the preceding articles.
Art. 5. The duties prescribed to the attorney general by chapter 5 of
the regulations for the internal administration of the tribunal, shall be
discharged by the ministers who officiate as attorney general according
to this law.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State, shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 29th of April, 1830.
DECBEE No. 144.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree:
Art. 1. The executive shall direct that three silver medals, of 1st, 2nd
and 3rd classes be ordered to be made, to be paid for out of the munici-
pal funds of each Ayuntamiento, or the funds of the state, to be restored,
and that the national ensign be engraved on the said medals, encircled
with the following inscription: Reward of virtue and application—to
serveron days of public school visits as a mark of distinction for the pupils
most deserving in the respective schools. The medals shall be attached
to blue bands, with a rosette at the extremity; upon the band of the first,
the aforementioned motto shall be embroidered with gold, upon that of
the second, with silver thread; and that of the third shall be plain.
Art. 2. The executive shall order that out of the funds of the state,
also to be restored, a sufficient number of Fleuris Castillian grammer, or-
thography and catechism be re-printed, to be distributed as prizes among
the pupils, who excel in virtue and application.
Art. 3. The respective Ayuntamientos shall distribute the aforemen-
tioned prizes and tokens of distinction with the concurrent opinion of the
teacher, on days of examination, and only in schools under their inspec-
tion, supported by the public funds; carefully avoiding all partiality.
The medals shall remain in charge of the teacher, to be used only for the
aforementioned object.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 30th of April, 1830.
(267)