158
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
DEGREE No. 145.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree:
Art. 1. The offer made by James grant to the executive, to furnish at
his own expense the necessary tools for opening, under his own direction,
a direct road from this city to Parras, also the corn consumed in support-
ing the workmen, and soldiers required to attend them, is hereby ac-
cepted.
Art. 2. The Ayuntamientos shall warn vagrants in their jurisdiction
in one instance, and should they not reform, shall require them to be
conducted to work on roads, as criminal delinquents.
Art. 3. said persons shall receive in compensation, only their support,
being two rials a day, and the same rations as the soldiers who attend
them.
Art. 4. Of proprietors of haciendas, ranchos, or travelling merchants,
mulateers, teamsters, the executive shall, exact agreeably to his own judg-
ment, a proportionate tax, for the purpose of continuing to open suitable
and direct roads to the principal places in the state.
Art. 5. The commissioner appointed by the executive to take charge
of those destined to work on the roads shall be compensated with such
pay as the executive shall deem prudent to assign him, and under his
responsibility, shall secure the workmen as he shall think proper, to pre-
vent escape and trouble, keeping an exact account of the application of
funds, and of the payments, to agree with the marks made by himself on
papers in possession of the workmen.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 30th of April, 1830.
Received the comments of the executive in session of the 1st of Sep-
tember, and on the same date was referred to the committee on Legis-
lation.
DEGREE No. 146.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. Alcaldes, Collectors, Receivers and Sub-Receivers may make
search or enter any house by force under the authority of a search war-
rant to seize smuggled goods and arrest smugglers, after receiving the
corresponding plain or summary information of the fact; and should the
information prove false, the informer shall be subject to the penalties of
false accusers. Alcaldes, collectors, or chief-agents, receivers and sub-
receivers shall respectively be responsible for abuse they commit when
they proceed officially. In both cases a process may be instituted by the
complainant.
Art. 2. If, from urgency, or any other cause the said information can-
not be proved, the arrest, search or forcible entry shall be executed not-
withstanding, and the summary information shall immediately be inves-
tigated.
(268)