Laivs and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
159
Art. 3. To execute the forcible entry and search of a house to seize
smuggled goods, or to arrest the smuggler, it shall not be required to
produce plenary or partial evidence of the crime, or who the real delin-
quent is; it shall only be required that, by whatever means, the conceal-
ment of the smuggled effects, and some sufficient legal clue for believing
that this or that person effected the concealment, result from the infor-
mation.
Art. 4. To enter by force, and search a house, the aforementioned offi-
cers shall demand the consent of the master thereof, and should he refuse,
it shall be executed instanter.
Art. 5. Should the collectors, receivers or sub-receivers of rents re-
quire the assistance of military force, for forcible entry and search they
shall apply to the persons having authority to dispose of such force, who
under their strictest responsibility shall furnish the same.
Art. 6. The seizure of the smuggled goods being effected, and the
arrest of the smugglers if they can be had; the latter shall be delivered
immediately to the judge of the treasury, with the information obtained
against them, to proceed in everything else according to the law of the
4th of' September 1823, relative to confiscation.
Art. 7. Said law, also that of the 30th of October, 1822, of the gen-
eral congress, so far as they are opposed to this decree, shall be repealed.
Art. 8. This decree shall be observed provisionally, saving the power
to amend, repeal, or confirm the same during the approaching Septem-
ber sessions.
Eor its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 30th of April, 1830.
RAMON GARCIA ROXAS, President.
MARIANO GARCIA, D. S. S.
JOSE MANDEL CARDENAS, D. S.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. j
• The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhab-
itants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DEGREE No. 147.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Decrees, No. 47 of the first constitutional congress and No. 88, issued
by the present congress on the 29th of April 1829, are hereby repealed.
(869)