Laius and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
167
DECREE No. 159.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Letter of citizenship is hereby granted to James Bowie, on the sup-
position that he can accomplish the establishment of cotton and woolen
stuffs, which he offers to place in the state.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 30th September, 1830.
RAMON GARCIA ROJAS, D. President.
MARIANO GARCIA, D. S.
VICENTE VALDES, D. S. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Leona Vicario, October 5th, 1830.
RAFAEL ECA Y MUZQUIZ.
SANTIAGO del Valle, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and ' Texas. j
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhah-
itants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECREE No. 160.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Abt. 1. The establishment is hereby granted, of a company for manu-
facturing cotton and woollen stuffs in the department of Monclova, to
be styled the Coahuila. Manufacturing Company.
Art. 2. The companies’ active capital shall not exceed the sum of
one million of dollars, divided into two thousand shares, of five hundred
dollars each.
Art. 3. The empresario shall open a book of subscription for the
aforementioned shares.
Art. 4. As soon as there are subscribers for one thousand shares at
the least, the empresario shall advertise, calling a meeting of all the
shareholders, and from among those present, a president and seven direc-
tors of the company shall be chosen by majority of vote.
Art. 5. The president and directors mentioned in the preceding
article shall discharge the duties of their stations one year from the time
of their election.
Art. 6. The president and directors, thirty days previous to the ex-
piration of their term, shall call a general meeting of the shareholders
to choose their successors; and the president and directors shall be
chosen every year in like manner.
( 277 )