172
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
DECEEE No. 166.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Abt. 1. The Alcaldes of the towns, under penalty of a fine, not less,
than one hundred, nor more than two hundred dollars, agreeably to the
judgment of the executive, shall arrest on the publication of this de-
cree, and shall continue hereafter to arrest all persons, who in considera-
tion of the testimony of one witness, declaring verbally to his certain
knowledge, or of two, referring to another or others, also to their certain
knowledge: or who from public rumour or report, or any other indication
of a like nature, are considered and reputed as thieves.
Abt. 2. For the arrest mentioned in the foregoing article, and ad-
equate security of prison, the Alcaldes shall be aided with such force-
belonging to the civic militia as they shall judge necessary, besides the
assistance the citizens shall render them under corporal penalties, which
the Alcaldes, according to their powers, and without appeal, shall inflict
upon those whose services are thus required.
Abt. 3. Those who refuse to declare what they know in these cases,
with the exception only of the children, parents, brothers and sisters,
wives, and sons, and daughters-in-law of the criminals, shall also be com-
pelled by the Alcaldes according to their powers.
Abt. 4. The Alcaldes and the assessor on their part shall not mis-
represent the injury, or fail to inflict upon this class of delinquents the
penalties designated by law for this object.
Abt. 5. As soon as the Alcaldes are informed by any person that
any crime of those mentioned in this law has been perpetrated, they shall
pass to the place where it was committed to certify the same; and should
this not be practicable, they shall prove it in the established form.
Abt. 6. Within forty-eight hours from the act of the arrest the de-
claration or declarations mentioned in article first shall be taken in.
writing, and the provision of the preceding article having been fulfilled,,
as the case may be, the corresponding warrant resulting therefrom shall
be issued.
Abt. 7. In the trial sumario, only as many witnesses of the fact as
are necessary, and conveniently obtained, shall be examined; and all con-
frontation, citation, and examination of no avail in discovering the truth,
or whose sole object is to do away indications based on plenary evidence,,
shall be omitted.
Abt. 8. The witnesses as soon as they have made their declaration,,
shall confirm their statements in all cases, and in presence of the ac-
cused, should he now be a prisoner.
Abt. 9. Every three days until the conclusion of the sumario, or be-
fore should the tribunal of justice so order, the Alcalde of the capital
shall notify the tribunal of the number of judicial acts performed in said
term in each case they investigate agreeably to this law. The Alcaldes
of other places shall do the same by every post.
( 282 )