Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
173
ARE. 10. The crime appearing to be clearly proved against the de-
fendant, and after hearing his plea to the charges which shall thus far
terminate the sumario, without any other step being taken, the record
shall be delivered to the defendants’ counsel, containing all the charges
in evidence, ground of complaint, and citation for sentence, for a per-
emptory term not exceeding eight days, and which only in extraordinary
anil unusual cases shall be prolonged to twenty and no more.
Abt. 11. Should an accuser intervene after the conclusion of the
sumario, he shall be furnished with the proceedings for three days only,
when they shall be delivered to the counsel of the defendant for the same
length of time, that each may make such explanation, as he considers
to be just—after which, the probatory term remaining open, the twenty
days mentioned in the preceding article shall be divided between the con-
tending parties.
ART. 12. After said term, and omitting consultation on proceedings,
the Alcaldes shall forward the definitive acts to the assessor; who shall
give advice in said cases in preference to any others, not detaining in his
office those of the courts of this capital over eight days, and advising
thereon in the order of the date of their reception.
Abt. 13. In cases forwarded to the assessor from courts without the
capital, he shall also give advice in the order of date of their arrival at
his office, dispatching them at the furthest by the second post after their
reception.
Abt. ld. As soon as the primary judges receive the determinate
opinion of the assessor, they shall pronounce sentence in entire conform-
ity thereto, and after notifying the parties, they shall forward the record
to the tribunal of justice, those of the capital without loosing a day, and
those without by the first post without fail.
Abt. 15. The hall to 'which it belongs to take cognizance therein,
whether by appeal or any other recourse after the expiration of two days
from the reception of the proceedings, should the prisoner, as the case
may be, not have appointed a counsel, or should the one appointed in
the primary court not appear, shall oppoint a counsel officially; and shall
pass the despatch accompanied by the judicial acts to the attorney gen-
eral and counsel, specifying a term, which for no reason or pretence shall
exceed five days each, whatever be the condition of the case. Should
there be an accuser the same term shall be allowed him as that assigned
the attorney general.
Abt. 16. The sole fact of the expiration of the term for which any
judicial proceedings are delivered shall produce in these cases a decree
of execution for their extraction—'which, both in inferior and superior
courts shall be done, or ordered to be done, at the very hour of the ex-
piration of the term.
Abt. 17. During the time specified in article 15 and additional days
conceded, the parties may present such evidence as they consider to be
just.
(283)