174
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Art. 18. Two days following, the halls shall proceed to examine the
cases, and give sentence, unless from some unusual cause, which shall
be made to appear it be necessary to review, in which case sentence shall
be suspended two days including that of the examination.
Art. 19. The sentence pronounced by the hall, whether confirming
or revoking that of the primary court shall be the ground of a decree of
execution in these cases, without further appeal than that of nullity,
which may be interposed according to the laws, observing therein the
provision of the four preceding articles.
Art. 20. Thieves sentenceci according to law to forced labor, or pub-
lic works shall be destined for the present to the fortress of Vera Cruz
should they be sentenced for a term not less than one year, those sen-
tenced according to law No. 7, and those sentenced in the district of Rio
Grande and department of Bexar, shall fulfill their term of sentence in
the latter department, agreeably to article 44 of law number 16, of the
24th of March, 1825, and order of the 30th of November, 1827.
Abt. 21. Criminals, sentenced to A7era Cruz shall be conducted to this
capital, and as soon as collected therein at furthest shall pass to the place
of their destination; both these, and those who fulfill the term of their
sentence in Texas, shall receive from the public treasurer nine grains a
day each during the journey; the expense of conduction shall also be de-
frayed by the state.
Art. 22. Criminals only comprised in articles 1, 2 and 7, of law No.
7, shall continue to be tried as articles 3, 4 and 5, of the same law pro-
vide.
Art. 23. A person who shall retain or conceal stolen goods, or who,
talcing measures of precaution although slight to do so, shall not place
them at the- disposal of the Alcalde of the place, shall be punished as a
thief, and the same shall be done with those who receive or favor thieves:
also with those upon whom the stolen goods are seized, should they not
manifest th© persons, from whom they obtained them, or give notice of
said persons.
Art. 24. Primary judges shall notify the executive of the day on which
they commence the aforementioned causes, and of the persons against
whom they are carried on, and should they not communicate to him their
final cenclusion within sixty days, he shall cause them to be terminated
according to his powers.
Art. 25. Both in inferior and superior courts causes aginst theives
shall be attended to in preference to any others, acting thereon, without
being required to obtain judicial authorization or permission, on days the
tribunals are otherwise shut; and shall be despatched in the order of the
date of their commencement or reception.
Art. 26. Causes wherein there are accomplices shall be closed accord-
ing to the criminals respectively convicted, and the investigation thereof
shall be continued by a separate process.
Art. 27. Alcaldes and assessors, who from inattention or neglect shall
not comply with articles 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 12, 13 and 14, shall be fined
( 281 )