Eaws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
175
by the superior courts from one hundred to two hundred dollars, without
any other evidence than the plain appearance of the fact, allowing them
to proceed afterwards as the law permits.
Art. 28. Superior judges, as the case may be, shall be responsible in
the manner the laws provide.
Art. 29. All causes pending and prosecuted against thieves, shall be
concluded in the primary courts in two months from the publication of
this law.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given at the citv of Leona Vicario on the 17th February, 1831.
JOSE CAYETANO RAMOS, President.
PEDRO de la F. FERNANDEZ, D. S.
JOSE de J. GRANDE, D. S.
DEGREE No. 167.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. Excise agencies shall be established in the departments of
Monclova and Bexar, and receivers’ offices in each of the municipalities;
the former subject to the governor, and the latter to the agencies.
. Art. 2. The three per cent, on the export of silver in bullion, and
two per cent. on coin committed by decree No. 3, of the 31st of July,
1829, to the charge of the agents of the tobacco department of Monclova
and Texas, shall be collected in the aforementioned agencies the. same
as the other duties, that according to the existing laws are collected by
the agency established in the department of Saltillo.
Art. 3. The district of said agencies shall be the same as that corre-
sponding to each of the departments, and that of the receivers’ offices
the same as that which embraces the civil jurisdiction of each of their
municipalities.
Art. 4. The agents shall give bonds in the sum of two thousand dol-
lars for the faithful management of the rents committed to their charge.
Art. 5. The executive shall point out the places, where the agencies
shall be established, which for the present shall consist of a collector, an
officer, clerk, accountant, and two mounted custom house officers. The
pay of the first shall be twenty per cent. on what they collect in their re-
spective agencies; of the second three hundred dollars per annum, and
the last as heretofore, shall be paid ten dollars per month.
Art. 6. The office of custom house officer, which by order of the 29th
of December, 1826, was established for the service of the tobacco agency
of Monclova, shall cease on the publication of this law.
Art. 7. Should the per centage allowed to chief agents appear insuffi-
cient, the executive may augment .the same to five per cent, giving notice
to congress for approval.
( 2S5 )