178
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
DECREE No. 171.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Abt. 1. Decree No. 105, bearing date the 5th of September, 1829, is
hereby repealed.
Abt. 2. The amount delivered by the private individuals comprised
in article 1st of this decree in compliance that that of 105 shall be re-
spectively returned.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 5th of April, 1831.
[The same Signers.]
That the foregoing decree may have the effect intended by congress
on issuing the same, the following provisions shall be observed.
First.—Every individual, who, agreeably to the provision of article
1st of decree No. 105 has exhibited any part of his capital, shall ap-
ply to the corresponding judicial authority, requesting the necessary
vouchers, in order to shew the aforesaid exhibition, and shall forward a
representation accompanied by said vouchers to the executive of the
state, that he may give the proper orders with respect to the restoration
thereof.
Second.—The chief agents or clerks of the tobacco department re-
ferred to in article 5, of the regulations issued by the executive on the
12th of September, 1829, for executing the aforementioned decree No.
105, as the persons charged with the collection of the tax imposed on
individuals belonging to the civic militia, and excepted by virtue of the
provision of article 11, of the decree aforesaid, on the publication of this-
decree, shall adjust the accounts it has been their duty to keep relative
to this subject; and getting together what is due from the persons inter-
ested, the collection shall no longer be continued.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated, and duly
fulfilled.
Leona Vicario, 6th April, 1831.
JOSE MARIA de LETONA.
Santiago' del VALLE, Secretary. '
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. 5
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhab-
itants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECREE No. 172.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, since no measures
heretofore taken have sufficed to prevent the excape of criminals,.
( 288)