184
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Abt. 2. The governor shall refer the aforementioned list to the coun-
cil, that the latter may report whether the applicants possess the quali-
fications required by the canon law, church statute, and existing laws,
and determine whether said persons are dangerous to the public tran-
quility.
Abt. 3. The following shall be considered dangerous persons: native
Spaniards; those who have given cause to be classed as revolutionary per-
sons, or as attached to a monarchical or central form of government.
Abt. 4. The executive in view of the report of the council shall de-
termine with respect to the exclusion or admission of the respective
candidates.
Abt. 5. Should the report of the council be at variance with the
opinion of the governor, the latter shall proceed according to the 9th
article of decree No. 37.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 25th January, 1832.
ERANCISCO CARREAGA, D. President.
FRANCISCO de S. ARREOLA, D. S.
CESARIO FIGUEROA, D. S. ad interim.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Leona Vicario, 25th January, 1832.
JOSE MARIA de LETONA.
Santiago del Valle, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. 5
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhab-
itants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECREE No. 182.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Decree No. 146 of the 30th of April, 1830, is hereby repealed.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 7th Februarv, 1832.
JOSE JESUS GRANDE, President.
MANUEL MUZQUIZ; D. S.
CESARIO FIGUEROA, D. S. ad interim.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Leona Vicario. 28th April, 1832.
JOSE MARIA de LETONA.
Santiago del Valle, Secretary.
( 294)