Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
189
DECREE No. 190.
'The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree as follows:
ART. 1. To any Mexicans, who on the publication of this law shall
resolve to settle any of the vacant lands thereof, the state hereby tenders
its protection and aid.
Abt. 2. Any Mexican or Mexicans who offer to effect at their own ex-
pense the removal of ninety families at least, shall present themselves to
the executive, with whom they shall ratify their contracts according to
this law, and shall fulfill the said contracts within the term of four years.
Those who do not settle the aforementioned number of families shall
forfeit the rights and privileges granted them by this law.
Abt. 3. As soon as thirty families are collected, the formal establish-
ment of the neve town shall be commenced on the site most appropriate
in the judgment of the executive, or person commissioned by him for the
purpose; and four square leagues shall be assigned for each new town,
whose-area may be of a regular or irregular figure, as the local situation
shall require.
Abt. 4. Should any of the sites designed for founding a new town
consist of land already appropriated, and the establishment be of evident
.general utility, it may be taken notwithstanding, observing the provision
made by the constitution in restriction fourth, of article 113.
Abt. 5. The executive, pursuant to the contract ratified by the empre-
sario or empresarios, and for the better situation and formation of the
new towns, and exact distribution of lands, lots, and water, shall com-
mission a person of his confidence, a Mexican born, to act agreeably to
the instruction of the 4th of September, 1827, so far as they are not
■opposed to this lave.
Abt. 6. In towns which admit of canals (for irrigation,) said canals
shall be made at the expense of the persons interested. The commis-
sioner shall divide them into channels or drains, procuring to have them
made half a vara in width at least, and the same in depth, assigning
one for the use of the town, and the rest for that of the fields in cultiva-
tion.
Abt. 7. In the distribution of lands and waters, the empresario and
new setiler shall be subject to no other expense than the legal charges
paid to the commissioner and surveyor.
Abt. 8. To each of the families comprised in the contract mentioned
in article 2, one day for watering, and one labor shall be granted, or two
labors, should the land be temporal, (land cultivated during ordinary
rains) and a lot sixty yards square, whereon said family shall erect a
dwelling within two years, otherwise they shall forfeit the- privilege.
Should a family have neat stock, horse kind, or small stock, exceeding
one hundred head of the two former kinds, or six hundred of the latter,
the same shall be entitled to one sitio of grazing land.
( 299 )