Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
193
land entirely vacant shall be granted to the person who obtained the
same, and moreover he shall be indemnified by the owner of the land
aforesaid, agreeably to a just estimate made by competent judges, and
according to law, for the expense he has incurred in the improvements
that appear thereon.
Art. 31. Every new settler from the time of his settlement, shall be
permitted to dispose of his land, although it shall not be cultivated, by
testament made in conformity to the laws that are now, or shall be here-
after in force: and should he die intestate, his lawful heir or heirs shall
succeed him in the enjoyment of his rights and property, assuming in
both cases the obligations and conditions incumbent on the respective
grantee.
Art. 32. Land acquired by virtue of this law shall from no cause be
transferred in mortmain, and those who have acquired by purchase shall
not alienate their land without having complied with the provision made
in article 13 of the present law.
Art. 33. New settlers, who shall resolve to leave the state to estab-
lish themselves in a foreign country, shall be at liberty to do so with all
their property, but after thus leaving they shall no longer hold their land;
and should they not have previously disposed of the same, or should not
the alienation be in conformity to art. 19, it shall become entirely va-
cant.
ART. 34. The executive in connection with the respective vicarial
ecclesiastics, shall take care that the new towns are adequately supplied
with curates, and with the concurrence of the said authority, shall pro-
pose their salary to congress, which shall be paid by the new settlers.
Art. 35. The new settlers, in respect to the introduction of slaves,
shall conform to the laws that are now, or shall be hereafter enacted on
the subject.
Art. 36. Servants and day laborers, hereafter introduced by foreign
colonists, cannot be obligated by any contract to continue in the service
of the latter longer than ten years.
Art. 37. The commissioner or commissioners, who shall be appoint-
ed agreeably to this law, shall not be suspended in their functions by
any other authority than that of the executive, The judges, within
whose jurisdiction the commissioners officiate, shall confine themselves to
giving information with respect to the bad management they observe in
said commissions.
Art. 38. Decree No. 16 of the 24th of March 1825, is hereby re-
pealed.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 28th of April, 1832.
JOSE J. GRANDE. President.
MANUEL MUZQUIZ, D. S.
CESARIO FIGUEROA, D. S. ad interim.
(303 )