Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
197
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. j
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhabi-
tants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECREE No. 196.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, has thought proper
decree as follows:
Art. 1. In the Southern portion of the municipality of Austin a new
municipality shall be formed, of which the town of Brazoria shall be
the capital.
Art. 2. The limits of said municipality shall be as follows: commenc-
ing at the mouth of Clear Creek on Galveston Bay, following the princi-
pal branch of said creek to its source; thence southwesterly in a straight
line to strike the Brazos four leagues above the mouth of Big Creek,
thence in a straight line to the confluence of Guajolote Creek and the
river San Bernard; thence due southwest to the distance of five leagues
west of the Colorado; thence to the source of Trespalacios Creek, de-
scending said creek to its entrance into Matagorda Bay; thence following
the beach upon the coast northward and eastward to the place of begin-
ning.
Art. 3. The executive shall accord the proper measures in order that
the inhabitants of Brazoria, at the approaching elections for new Ayunta-
mientos, may proceed to elect the Ayuntamiento established by this
law.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be printed,,
published, and circulated.
Given in the-city of Leona Vicario on the 28th of April, 1832.
[The same Signers.]
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Leona Vicario, 1st of May, 1832.
JOSE MARIA de LETONA.
Santiago del Valle, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of [
Coahuila and Texas. §
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhabi-
tants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECREE No. 197.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. Individuals of the standing army in actual service have not
possessed and do not possess the right of voting for the public officers of
the state.
(307)