198
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Abt. 2. The fortress militia in the state shall be permitted to vote
at electoral meetings only in the places of their station.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the- State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 28th April, 1832.
[The same Signers.]
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Leona'Vicario, 1st May, 1832.
JOSE MARIA de LETONA.
Santiago del Valle, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. 5
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhabi-
tants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECREE No. 198.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Abt. 1. The lots mentioned in the first part of article 4%, of de-
cree No. 98, shall be taxed to the amount of 77 dollars, the respective
quota to be allotted to each in the ratio of the number of square varas,
of which it consists.
Abt. 2. For the watering days afforded by the different canals in the
municipality of Bexar, each one shall be taxed two rials per annum,
with the exception of those of the labor below.
Abt. 3. The first part of article 47, and the 11th and 13th clauses
of article 49 of decree No. 98, of the 13th of May 1829, are hereby re-
pealed.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 30th April, 1832.
JOSE MARIA de AGUIRRE. D. President.
MANUEL MUZQUIZ, D. S.
P. de la FUENTE FERNANDEZ, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled. ‘
Leona Vicario, 1st May, 1832.
JOSE MARIA de LETONA.
SANTIAGO del Valle, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. 5
The Governor, of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhabi-
tants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
(308)