Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
205
by the present congress, whose constitutionality is beyond question,
and whose legitimacy has never been doubted;—The Congress of the
State of Coahuila and Texas, has thought proper to decree:
Art. 1. The State of Coahuila and Texas, faithful to its engagements,
shall hold new elections to choose the members of the federal govern-
ment.
Art. 2. For that purpose the executive shall cite the electors men-
tioned in article 106 of the constitution to convene at this capital, and
proceed on the last Sunday in February to choose the deputies and a sub-
stitute to the house of representatives of the general congress.
Art. 3. On the 1st of March the election shall be hol den for President
and Vice President of the Republic, and two senators, in the manner the
constitution provides.
Art. 4. Said elections shall continue in force only in case they are in
accordance with the will of the nation, and the state hereby submits the
renewal of its present legislature to the future general congress.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 30th January, 1833.
A. VIESCA, President.
D. ELISONDO, D. S.
J. M. URANGA, D. S. •
DECREE No. 212.
"Whereas, First,'—It is of the greatest importance to regulate the right of
petition. Second,—From the want of a law on a subject of so much
moment, acts of disorder have been committed, and enormous evils
have arisen. Third,—Under shelter of said right, and pretence of exer-
cising the same, the turbulent scenes, which on other occasions have
compromised the public order, may be repeated. Fourth,—It mani-
festly belongs to the internal administration of the state to establish
the rules which are to govern on this subject within its territory,—-The
Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, has thought proper to
decree:
Abt. 1. The supreme authorities constitutionally elected, are the sole
• representatives of the state, and any corporation or person, who assumes
the voice of the people to make any petition, usurps the rights of so-
ciety, and excites disorder.
Art. 2. Every citizen is authorized to demand redress of public officers
for faults committed in the discharge of their duties, and to petition as
he deems proper for the general good of society, or private good of indi-
viduals of whom it is composed.
Art. 3. Said demands or petitions shall be made to the proper authori-
ty, and expressly in writing, couched in decorous language, and signed
by no more than three persons. Should they be deficient in all or any
of these requisites, they shall not be accepted.
(315)