210
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
DECREE No. 220.
The 'Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
ART. 1. The collector of excise duties of Leona Vicario shall be paid
a salary of fifteen hundred dollars per annum.
ART. 2. The emolument he is entitled to receive for the collection of
all revenues under his charge, with the exception of tobacco and stamped
paper, shall be considered as included in the salary specified in the fore-
going article.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
DECREE No. 221.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. The receivers office of excise duties, established in the
hacienda of San Isadro las Palomas,, is hereby abolished.
Art. 2. Decrees No. 132, and 141, of the 14th and 23rd of April, 1830,
are hereby repealed.
Art. 3. The executive shall dictate the necessary measures in fulfil-
ment of this law.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated. D. ELISONDO, President.
M. BORREGO, D. S.
J. F. LOMBRANA, D. S.
DEGREE No. 222.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree:
John Brown is hereby declared a citizen of the state.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
DECREE No. 223.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree:
Art. 1. The district of Saltillo shall constitute a sole department by
itself.
Art. 2. The district of Parras shall constitute another seperate de-
partment.
Art. 3. The executive, in appointing the police chiefs, shall proceed
in conformity to the provisions of this law.
Art. 4. The office of secretary, in the departments mentioned in this
decree, shall be abolished; and there shall be only a clerk of Archives,
whose salary shall be three hundred dollars.
For its fulfilment, the Governor’ of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
( 320 )