212
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
tion law of the 18th of August 1824. Therefore said decree is hereby de-
clared without value or force.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
DECBEE No. 227.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
The session of grand jury shall be formed by three persons having a
vote, chosen in the manner provided by decree No. 84, of whom the one
first chosen shall act as foreman and the last as secretary.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall, cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
DECREE No. 228.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree as follows:
Abt. 1. The civic militia of the state shall be reduced to the propor-
tion of one person for every hundred souls, agreeably to the census of the
respective towns.
Abt. 2. The number that results, after observing the basis established
in the preceding article, shall be regulated in companies and otherwise as-
prescribed by articles 18, 19, 20 and 21 of the regulations of the national
local militia of the state; in towns, whose scanty population does not
give over ten soldiers, they shall be enrolled notwithstanding in order
that they may form a squadron.
Abt. 3. The aforesaid militia shall be subject to serve indiscriminately
as cavalry or infantry, as occasion and the purposes for which they are
destined shall require.
Abt. 4. So far as this decree is not in opposition, that of the 23rd of
June 1828, regulating the aforementioned militia, shall be observed.
Abt. 5. The companies to be formed in each district shall be classed
in the order of first, second, &c., the enumeration to commence with the
companies of the capital of the respective district. The captain of the
first company shall be the commandant of all those belonging to the
district, and shall hold the rank of lieutenant colonel.
Art. 6. In two months from the publication of this law the Ayunta-
mientos shall have completed the formation of the militia, corresponding
to their respective municipalities, agreeably to the arrangement herein
prescribed.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
(322 )