Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
213
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. j
The Vice Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the in-
habitant thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has de-
creed as follows:
DECREE No. 329.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. Municipal town and country property or securities (fincas)
under charge of the Ayuntamientos, shall be reduced to private property.
Art. 2. Buildings, which on being let, yield over five per cent, per
annum on their value, from being designed exclusively for commercial
use, also town halls, school edifices and bread mills, shall be excepted
from the foregoing provision.
Art. 3. The waters known to pertain to the municipal funds in the
different towns of the department of Monelova shall likewise be excepted..
Art. 4. In respect to country securities, the alienation provided by
article 1, shall be effected by distributing them among the resident citi-
zens who apply for them on condition of paying emphytutic revenue hire,,
agreeably to the laws on the subject, so far as they' are not at variance
with this decree, the preference to be given to those who own property
adjoining, to whom is hereby conceded the right of claiming redress for
whatever is done without their citation and knowledge.—Should there'
be two or more adjoining proprietors, they shall enjoy this right, in the
order as they own the most adjoining land.
Art. 5. City securities shall be sold at public auction, and struck off
to the highest bidder, who by this act shall become subject to the afore-
said revenue in the amount of his offer.
Art. G. Grounds cultivated or not, situated on public squares and
principal streets shall be divided into portions with thirty varas front,
and struck off to the highest bidder in entire conformity to the provision
of the foregoing article, and the person assuming the liability for the
aforesaid rent shall be obligated to build within two years at furthest
upon the part of the lot fronting the street, under penalty of forfeiting
his entire right should he fail so to do,’in which event a new concession
of the ground shall be made to another person.
Art. 7. For these contracts to be valid the following shall be required:
First,—it shall appear that the person entitled to the preference by this
law were cited, and that they did not wish, or were not able to exercise
their right. Second,—the person assuming the payment shall bind him-
self responsible with the same security he receives and another or others
of equal value. Third,—the annuity to be paid shall be three per cent,
on the valuation of the property made at the time of the contract, or
previously, should it not be further back than two years, or upon the
amount at which it was struck off.
( 323 )