220
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. 5
The Vice Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhab-
itants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECREE No. 234.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. The salary of the first officer, attached to the general revenue
agency at Leona Vicario, is hereby declared to be six hundred dollars
per annum.
Abt. 2. The second officer of said agency shall receive a salary of four
hundred dollars per annum.
Art. 3. The collector of general rents in this capital shall discharge
the office of State treasurer, to whom twelve hundred dollars per annum
shall be assigned, as his entire salary.
For its fulfilment, the Vice Governor' of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
DIONICIO ELIZONDO, President.
MARCIAL BORREGO, D. S.
J. F. de LOMBRANA, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given in the citv of Monclova on the 3rd of May, 1833.
J. M. de VERAMENDI.
Santiago del Valle, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. 5
The Vice Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhab-
itants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECREE No. 235.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. The channel of communication, between the executive and
subordinate authorities of the state, shall be the sedretary.
Art. 2. The governor shall use his entire signature in his official com-
munications, whom they are directed to the chambers of the union, to the
congress of the state, and to the president of the republic should the com-
munication with the latter be direct.
Abt. 3. With other authorities and officers, civil, ecclesiastical, and
military, national or foreign, he shall use eis entire or partial signature,
( 330 )