222
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Executive Department of the State of 1
Coahuila and Texas. 5
The Vice Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhab-
itants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECEEE No. 238.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. Persons who pay tythes, in towns in which the law requires
this tax to be paid shall pay the same only on the net proceeds of their
harvests, and the stock they raise.
Art. 2. It has not been feasible to establish any suit, as respects the
payment of tythes, upon any other ground than the deposition upon oath
of the person, by whom the payment is to be made. All trials now-
pending, and without this requisite are null by law, and shall be relin-
quished on publication of this decree.
Art. 3. Tythe gatherers cannot induce force as regards those who are
to pay; and the authorities shall grant no other aid than for the purpose
of exacting the payment of what results from the free declaration of the
persons interested.
Art. 4. Lessees of tythes shall remain at liberty to renew their con-
tracts, or to relinquish them, should they consider themselves injured by
virtue of this decree.
Eor its fulfilment, the Vice Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published and circulated.
DIONICIO ELIZONDO, President.
MARCIAL BORREGO, D. S.
JUAN F. de LOMBRANA, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given in the city of Monelova on the 30th of April, 1833.
J. M. de VERAMENDI.
Santiago del Valle, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. J
The Governor, of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhabi-
tants thereof: Be it known, that the Congress of said State has decreed
as follows:
DECEEE No. 239.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. In civil and criminal demands commenced or contested in the
state by persons unacquainted with the language of the country, the re-
spective judges of tribunals shall solicit interpreters to translate liter-
(332)