Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
223
ally the contents of said demands after being duly sworn strictly and
faithfully to perform the duty of their trust.
Art. 2. Said interpreters shall receive as a compensation two dollars
for each demand, to be payed by the party sentenced to pay the cost.
Should neither turn out sentenced to pay the cost, or should the parties
compound, said compensation shall be paid equally between the con-
tending parties.
Art. 3. In trials by writing they shall be paid at the rate of three dol-
lars a day, payable in the same manner, and only for the days they are
employed in discharging their trust.
Art. 4. Testimony legally produced in a foreign language shall be
translated literally by two interpreters duly sworn, without its being suf-
ficient that it be done by one, unless the parties so agree, or there be no
other in the place versed in the language.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
DIONICIO ELIZONDO, President.
MARCIAL BORREGO, D. S.
JUAN F. de LOMBRANA, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Monclova 1st of May, 1833.
J. M. de VERAMENDI.
Santiago del Valle, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. §
The Vice Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhab-
itants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECREE No. 240.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. Four sitios of land, of the vacant lands of that municipality
are hereby granted to the Ayuntamiento of Nacogdoches, to which pos-
session thereof shall be given by the commissioner, whom the executive
shall appoint for that purpose—with power to select said sitios in con-
tinuity or separate as may be most proper in the judgment of the said
Ayuntamiento.
Art. 2. The lands mentioned in article 1, shall be under the manage-
ment of said corporation in conformity to the provision that is now, or
shall be hereafter made by law.
Art. 3. The products thereof, whatever they are, shall be appropri-
ated entirely and exclusively as a fund of the primary school, wherein
the Castilian language, and what is furthermore, provided in article 215,
of the constitution, shall be expressly taught.
( 333 )