Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
231
lands of the state, as an indemnification for the expense they have in-
curred in virtue of the contract which they entered into in 1828; pro-
vided, that at the expiration of the terms they shall not have been able to
fulfil their engagement.
Art. 2. The Executive shall take care that the grant be not estab-
lished upon the lands disputed by the town of Goliad, should it be with
their consent.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be printed,
published, and circulated.
DECBEE No. 254.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
The words, born in the Mexican Republic, in article 26 of decree of the
21st of June 1827, shall be omitted.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. 5
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhabi-
tants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECBEE No. 255.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, in order to amplify
the law of the 27th of April last, which treats of reducing munici-
pal town and country securities under charge of the Ayuntamiento to
private property, decrees:
In case no adjoining proprietor appears, wishing to take for him-
self the country securities, of which the decree of the 27th of April
treats, they shall be awarded to the person, in whose favor said proprie-
tors have yielded their right; but should any one of the adjoining pro-
prietors contend for the acquisition, he shall obtain it, although he should
be a proprietor in a less amount of adjoining land than the person who
represents the right ceded. Should neither the adjoining proprietors, or
the persons to whom they have transferred their rights solicit said secu-
rities, those persons shall obtain them, who fixed the first prices.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
MARCIAL BORREGO, President.
R. de la FUENTE, D. S.
JOSE Y. C. FALCON, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given in the city of Monclova on the 11th of Februarv, 1834.
FRANCISCO V. y VILLASENOR.
Jose Miguel Falcon, Secretary.
(341)