Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
237
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given in the city of Monclova on the 27th of February, 1834.
F. Ah y VILLASENOR.
Jose M. Falcon, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. §
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas,- to all the inhabi-
tants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECREE No. 262.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. The Ayuntamientos of the towns,'which of themselves or with
their jurisdiction do not contain a population exceeding five thousand
souls, shall be composed of an Alcalde, who shall be the president, two
Eegidores, and one Procurator. In those whose population exceeds this
number, whatever it may be, there shall be two Eegidores more: and for
their election and periodical renewal the provision made in the constitu-
tion and regulations for the politico-financial administration of the towns
shall be observed. Article 98 of said regulations is hereby re-
pealed.
Art. 2. The Alcaldes shall be the exclusive officers of the peace, and
shall moreover possess the attributes assigned them by the aforesaid
regulations as political authorities, and in default .shall be replaced by
substitutes agreeably to the present custom.
Art. 3. In towns which the constitution and laws require to have an
Ayuntamiento, even when their population does not amount to one thou-
sand, and in those having from this number to five thousand, there shall
be one primary judge; in those from five to ten thousand, two shall be
appointed; and in all others, three, be their population what it may. San
Buena Ventura shall be excepted, wherein two primary judges shall be
appointed, although it does not contain a population of five thousand.
Art. 4. The attributes of said judges shall be the same that the law
regulating the administration of justice, and others concordant, intrusted
to Alcaldes, both for verbal demands and business in writing: and they
shall, in civil cases only, receive the fees in the form the law provides.
Art. 5. Said judges shall use a staff with black tassels in token of dis-
tinction of office, and when attending upon acts of public ceremony shall
unite with the Ayuntamiento after the Alcalde; and for their appoint-
ment the provision of the following articles shall be observed:
(347 )