238
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
ART. 6. On the second Sunday of October the Ayuntamientos hav-
ing convened shall form a list of four persons for each judge their town is
required to have agreeably to the provision of article 3rd, which they shall
transmit by the first post to the respective district chief.
Abt. 7. Said chiefs may change the order of number of the persons
comprised in the lists, and those occupying the first places therein shall
be considered appointed as judges.
Abt. 8. Said chiefs shall forward the lists they shall have formed,
authenticated with their signature, to the respective Ayuntamientos, and
the latter shall cause a copy to be immediately posted on the door of the
town halls, and the original shall be deposited in the archives.
Abt. 9. The president of the Ayuntamiento shall communicate their
appointment officially to the persons who have obtained it in order that
they may appear on the first'of January ensuing to enter in possession of
office and in his presence take the oath prescribed in article 220 of the
constitution, which act shall not be suspended except from physical im-
pediment of those appointed; they may afterwards manifest to the execu-
tive the reasons they may think they have for declining.
Abt. 10. New appointments shall be made every year, and persons may
be re-appointed but shall not be obliged to accept unless they have had
a respite of two years from these and other municipal offices.
Art. 11. In case of decease of any of said judges, or legal impediment,
or should the office become vacant from any other cause, the person suc-
ceeding him in the order of the respective list shall take his place on be-
ing notified by the president of the Ayuntamiento.
Art. 12. Said judges shall not withdraw from the exercise of their
functions on account of private affairs, nor leave from the same cause the
town wherein they reside unless by license from the district chief, who
may grant it as the persons interested request, without exceeding theree
months during the whole year.
Art. 13. Said officers shall be served in preference to municipal offices,
and for both the same qualifications shall be required.
Art. 14. The Ayuntamientos three days from- the receipt of this law
shall form the lists mentioned in article 6, which they shall forward to
the respective political chiefs, who, conforming to the provision of arti-
cle 7, shall return them as early as possible, and the presidents of the
Ayuntamientos and corporations themselves shall proceed by successive
and continuous acts to perform what they are by this law furthermore
required. until the persons appointed are placed in possession of office.
Art. 15. For this time only the primary judges may be chosen from
among the persons comprized in the lists mentioned in the foregoing ar-
ticle, or from among those who compose the present Ayuntamientos; and
to supply the municipal stations that may become vacant by this particu-
lar provision, recourse shall be had to the respective lists.
Art. 16. In order that the- number of Alcaldes, Eegidores and Syn-
dicos may be reduced the present year to that designated in article 1,
( 348 )