Laws and Decrees of Goahuila and Texas,
239
the first Alcaldes now in office shall continue, and the second, where
there are more than one, shall retire; of the Regidores and Syndicos the
oldest in offi.ce shall retire; but should the stations, of which the Ayunta-
mientos agreeably to this law should consist, become vacant from the
exercise of the power granted to the chiefs in the preceding article for
this time, they shall be filled in the manner and form established by law
in ordinary cases of this kind that occur.
AET. 17. Towns whose edifices, public squares, streets or public prom-
enades are continuous, one with another, and 'whose respective inhabit-
ants furthermore maintain a daily intercourse, trade, and connexion with
each other, even should there be two or more Ayuntamientos established
therein, shall be united, and incorporated into that having the greatest
population, assuming the name of the latter, and being considered as one
town for establishing one Ayuntamiento only, and other authorities cor-
responding to one municipality.
Art. 18. In said towns thus conjoined there shall be a full and entire
election of the Ayuntamientos they are required to have, and the execu-
tive for carrying it into effect shall take the proper measures, analogous
to the provision of the constitution and laws on the subject, in order that
they may be re-established by the first of May next.
Art. 19. On the day following their restoration they shall form lists
relative to the primary judges, and both they and the political chiefs
shall otherwise proceed in conformity to the provisions of articles 14 and
15 of this law.
Art. 20. The respective Alcaldes shall pass to the aforementioned pri-
mary judges, as fast as they are established, the business they might have '
pending, and that is within the sphere of their attributes.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
MARCIAL BORREGO, President.
R. de la FUENTE, D. S.
J. Y. C. FALCON, D. S.
That this law may he duly and punctually fulfilled in conformity to the
course prescribed to the executive in article 18, the following provisions
shall be observed.—
First:—The municipality of San Francisco and San Miguel de Aguago
shall be annexed to that of this capital, and that of Villa Longin, to that
of Leona Vicario.
Second:—On the 30th instant the presidents of each of said Ayunta-
mientos shall convoke the municipal meetings for the election of the new
Ayuntamientos within the time specified and according to the manner
and form the constitution and existing laws provide.
Third:—On said day the members of the Ayuntamiento of San Miguel
de Aguayo, shall also meet with the Ayuntamiento of Monclova,
and those of Villa Longin with that of Leona Vicario, forming one
sole corporation, the political chief or first Alcalde of the latter presiding
(349 )