240
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
for determining the members of assemblies to be formed as provided in
article 43 of the constitution.
Fourth:—On the 6th and 7th of April an election shall be holden for
one alcalde, four Regidores and one Procurador. On the Sunday next
ensuing the Ayuntamientos shall meet as hereinbefore mentioned for the
further acts the constitution and existing laws provide. The first Al-
caldes of Monelova and Leona Vicario, shall exercise the functions of
president intrusted in articles 103 and 104 of the regulations and in the
other acts relative to this subject.
Fifth:—On the 27th of the aforesaid month the persons newly elected
shall enter in possession of office.
Sixth:—The aforementioned four Ayuntamientos shall direct the ac-
counts pertaining to their respective funds to be adjusted, and shall pass
them with the nett amount on hand to those newly established.
Seventh:—The Ayuntamientos of Monclova and Leona Vicario shall
receive the archives, chattels and whatever else the Ayuntamientos of San
Miguel de Aguayo and Villa Longin have recognized as their own prop-
erty, of which the latter shall make to the former respectively a formal
delivery by inventory.
Eighth:—The Ayuntamientos newly elected in this capital and Leona
Vicario on the day following their installation shall proceed to the ful-
fillment of article 19th of this decree.
Ninth:—As soon as the primary judges are established in the towns of
the state the respective Alcaldes shall pass to them the subjects pending,
books wherein the trials are recorded, and other archives belonging to
the courts of justice.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given at the city of Monclova on the 4th of March, 1834.
F. V. VILLASENOR.
Jose M. FALCON, Secretary.
DECREE No. 363.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree as follows:
Art. 1. Since the publication of the decree of the Spanish Cortes on
the 6th of March 1821. on abolishment of every kind of Entail, real es-
tate cannot have been, or be acquired in mortmain by any title.
Art. 3. The founding of edifices built by charitable donation (obras
pias) under any denomination whatever is hereby absolutely prohibited.
Art. 3. Capital which under the title of legacy or any other has been
appropriated to said edifices which are not yet founded or constructed
shall be adjudged, according to the order of succession which the laws
point out, to the heirs of the founder.
(350)