Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
243
.shall be amortized in money, should the condition of said treasury permit,
or should that not be possible, in vacant lands at their lawful price.
Art. 4. Four sitios of vacant land are hereby granted to the town of
Guerrero, of the vacant lands lying near the ancient established farm
tract of said town.
Art. .5. For conducting the waters granted, and applying them ac-
cording to the intent of this law, the executive shall take the proper
measures in order that the respective channels which are to convey the
main waters pertaining to the inhabitants of the four-towns, from whose
municipal means the water is taken for Guerrero, be respectively meas-
ured, having the proper inclination, and so made, that the water granted
the latter shall run freely, and be conveyed to said town in an uninter-
rupted and continued current.
Art. 6. The executive shall dictate the proper measures relative to
awarding the vacant lands specified in article 4.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
J. F. de LOMBRANO, Vice President.
J. Y. C. FALCON, D. S.
J. J. GRANDE, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given at the citv of Monclova on the Sth of March, 1834.
F. V. y VILLASENOR.
Jose M. FALCON, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of L
Coahuila and Texas. 5
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhabi-
tants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECREE No: 267.
The decrees of the 4th and 25th of April, 1832, are hereby repealed.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
J. F. de LOMBRANO, Vice President.
J. Y. C. FALCON. D. S.
J. J. GRANDE, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given at the citv of Monclova on the 10th of March, 1834.
FRANCISCO V. y VILLASENOR.
Jose Miguel FALCON, Secretary.
23 —VOL. 1.
(353 )