Laivs and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
245
Abt. 3. The Ayuntamiento of the town of Viesca shall publish this
law in the most formal manner, that it may come to the knowledge of
all persons who can acquire a right in the lands and waters herein
specified, and that they may express their pleasure with regard to con-
tributing agreeably to the provision of 'the preceding article, for the
purpose of determining the right that belongs to them by article 1.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
J. E. de LOMBRANO, Vice President.
J. Y. C. FALCON, D. S.
J. J. GRANDE, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given at the city of Monclova on the 11th March, 1834.
FRANCISCO V. y VILLASENOR.
Jose Miguel Fallon, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. §
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhab-
itants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECREE No. 270.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, in exercise of the
power conferred in article 8 of the constitution, has thought proper
to decree:
Abt. 1. The territory of the state, for the political. administration
thereof, shall be divided into the seven following departments or dis-
tricts, to wit:—Bexar, Brazos, Guerrero, Monelova, Nacogdoches, Parras
and Saltillo.
Art. 2. In the section denominated Coahuila, the limits and capital
towns of each shall be the same as heretofore.
Abt. 3. The dividing line between those of Bexar and Brazos, shall
commence at the mouth of la Vaca river, and ascending said river to
the southern limit of the former colony of Green de Witt; thence leaving
said river and following- said boundary westward until it crosses the river
Guadalupe; thence taking a north westerly direction, and following the
western boundary of the aforesaid colony to the road leading between
Nacogdoches and Bexar; thence north, and terminating at Red River.
The town of San Felipe shall be the capital thereof.
Art. 4. The limits of the department of Nacogdoches shall be the .
same as pointed out in decree of the 31st of January, 1831, and the town
of the same name shall be the capital.
(355 )