246
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Abt. 5. In each of the departments there shall be a police chief
having the character and attributes the constitution and laws assign to
that class of officers.
Abt. 6. On receipt of this decree, the appointment of these chiefs
where there are none established, shall be proceeded to agreeably to the
constitution, and those appointed shall continue in the exercise of their
functions until the 1st day of May, 1835, when the general election for
new officers shall be holden.
Abt. 7. On said year, and each succeeding four years term the
executive from the month of January shall remind the Ayuntamientos,
with the exception of those pertaining to the department of the capital,
of their obligation to forward the reports specified in article 147 of the
constitution, that the nominations of three may be seasonably proposed
by-the council, and that the appointment of said chiefs may be made
by the Governor, who is to hold his office for the same term as them-
selves.
Abt. 8. Said officers shall receive a salary of eight hundred dollars
per annum, in payments at the end of, every month, and when from
default of the Vice Governor the substitute mentioned in article 116 of
the constitution shall officiate as police chief, he shall receive the same
salary, unless the appointment devolve on some officer whose salary is
still more, in which case the provision of the laws shall be adhered to.
Abt. 9. No change shall be made with regard to the appropriation
for, and location of, the police halls or offices in the capital, and depart-
ments of Saltillo and Parras, and four hundred dollars per annum shall
be paid to each of the chiefs of Texas, and the chief of Guerrero for all
office expense.
Abt. 10. In Texas, one deputy proper, and one substitute to the state
congress, shall be chosen, and this arrangement shall commence to go
into effect from the first election made to renew the present congress.
Abt. 11. The Castilian and English shall be lawful languages in Texas;
both may be used in the acts of the public administration as the case
may require, except in communications with the supreme power, which
shall be made expressly in Castilian.
Abt. 12. Article 69 of decree No. 37 of the 13th of June 1827,
shall not be in force in Texas.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
R. de la FUENTE, President.
JOSE Y. C. FALCON, D. S.
J. J. GEANDE, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given in the citv of Monclova on the 18th March, 1834.
F. V. y VILLASENOR.
Jose M. Falcon, Secretary.
(356 )