248
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
containing a million square varas, or what is the same thing, a square
measuring a thousand varas on each side shall be the unit for area
measure.
Art. 3. The lands shall be sold at public auction by order of the
executive when he thinks proper to order those of any district to be sur-
veyed and sold, or on notice from any person interested in purchasing
any land, which he may point out, and of which he may request a sur-
vey.
Art. 4. The lands in both eases shall be surveyed in parcels not ex-
ceeding a millonada, and after they are surveyed, the sale, and day where-
on it is to be made, shall be advertised for three months, posting writ-
ten slips for that object in all the municipalities of the department to
which the lands belong, and in those of the two nearest departments,
and should it be in Texas in all those of the three departments; describ-
ing said lands in general terms, and giving notice of the place where
they lie.
Art. 5. The day appointed for the sale having arrived, they shall be
offered at public auction in millonadas, or fractions of millonada, and
adjudged to the highest bidder, provided, that the bid does not fall short
of the minimum price.
Art. 6. The minimum price in Texas shall be ten dollars for each
millionada, payable in three installments; the first in hand, the second
at the expiration of the first, and the third of the second year, under,
penalty of forfeiting what has been paid, and of the title becoming null
in case of non-fulfilment, and the purchaser may pay the whole .in ad-
vance should it thus suit his convenience.
Art. 7. In the other departments of the state the minimum price
shall be four dollars for the first year from the publication of this law,
six the second, eight the third, and ten for subsequent years, .payable in
the same manner, and with the same conditions as provided in the
foregoing article.
Art. 8. Foreigners, who wish to become purchasers shall make oath
to obey and sustain the constitution and laws of the republic and those
of the state they adopt as their country, and having complied with this
requisite they shall be considered as colonists of said state, and in pur-
. suance thereof naturalized, at the expiration of one year; before which
period their titles cannot become perfected.
Art. 9. Purchasers not belonging to the state shall • settle therein
with their families, if they have any, within one year under penalty of
forfeiting the lands purchased, and what they shall have paid thereon.
Art. 10. No person shall be molested for political and religious opin-
ions, provided, he shall not disturb the public order.
Art. 11. The same person shall not be permitted to purchase more
than two hundred and .seventy-five millionadas, and no corporation or
company shall be allowed to purchase.
Art. 12. For this object every purchaser, on receiving the title to
his land, shall declare under oath that he has not purchased for another
( 358 )