250
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
foreigner.—Record said titles in a bound book which they shall keep
for the purpose, causing the person interested and witnesses also to sign
the registers.—To require of the subordinate commissioners such infor-
mation as they think proper, and give them the necessary instructions,
receiving from them the maps of their districts.—And to form. Archives
of the whole.
ART. 17. The titles shall be issued on paper of the seal correspond-
ing to the amount negotiated in conformity to the existing laws.
• Art. 18. There shall be a collector in each department of the state,
appointed by the executive; and their duties shall be as follows:—To
bind themselves responsible to the satisfaction of the executive, and
reside at the place he designates.—Collect and receive of purchasers the
price of the lands in conformity to articles 5, 6 and 7, writing out at the
bottom of the titles which said purchasers shall present them from the
general commissioners, the corresponding receipt, which they shall sign
with witnesses.—And furthermore, to make all the liquidations and col-
lections of what shall be due the state on any ground whatever, unless
the respective authority shall otherwise direct.—Record said .titles in a
bound book, which they shall keep for that object, stating the survey and
price thereof.—And signing the same. with witnesses.—To notify the
payment at such times as the executive designates, and whenever he
requests.
Abt. 19. The surveyors shall make oath before the respective com-
missioner truly and faithfully to discharge the duties of their office.
Art. 20. The course of the lines shall be determined by the magnetic
needle, and care shall be taken to determine its variation from the pole-
in the district where the surveys are made.
Abt. 21 The surveys shall be made with great caution with metalic
chains made for the purpose, and care shall be taken that the place of
beginning the survey of each parcel of land be established with certainty,
taking the bearings and distances of two permanent objects at least.
Art. 22. Lands fronting on permanent creeks, rivers, large lakes, bays
and the sea shore, shall run back double the extent of their front.
Art. 23. To avoid litigation and future difficulties the respective au-
thorities shall present to the subordinate commissioner as soon as he
enters on the discharge of his duties, all the titles and grants of land here-
tofore made that he may note down the same in the respective book,
and cause such surveys as should not be distinct, to be rectified, that they
may not interfere with one another.
Art. 24. Should the documents mentioned in the preceding article
be in possession of private individuals, they shall present the same for
the aforesaid object within one year, under penalty of forfeiting the right,
should the lands be granted to other persons for want of this knowledge.
Art. 25. The surveyors shall receive from the purchasers of lands:
twelve rials for every thousand varas of lineal measure.
(360 )