252
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Art. 36. Settlers, who shall have received titles to their lands may
sell them at any time, and the purchaser shall remain with the charge
of fulfilling the duties of vender to the state, and the land shall be
liable for the responsibility.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
R. de la FUENTE, President.
J. Y. C. FALCON, D. S.
J. J. GRANDE, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given in the city of Monclova on the 26th of March, 1834.
FRANCISCO V. y VILLASENOR.
Jose Miguel FALCON, Secretary.
DECREE No. 273.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
The executive is hereby authorized to appoint one or two professors
of law to despatch the business pending in the assessor’s office, and re-
tarded by the death of the assessor, although it should be without the
capital, allowing them such compensation as he shall deem proper, ob-
serving a proper degree of economy.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
DECREE No. 274.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. Should the portions mentioned in article 6 of the law of the
21st of February last, prove to be of so little importance as to fail in
exciting the interest of those who might purchase, to such an extent that
in one month after being advertised for sale, there should not appear
bidders for three quarters of said portions at least, or even when there
are, should they manifest pretentions prejudicial to the total alienation
of the securities, the executive may divide them in the manner he shall
judge most proper, not to injure the state, and to clear them as speedily
as possible from all responsibility, paying the creditors without delay in
any case wherein it ought to be done.
Art. 2. At the rancho of
town shall be founded to be called
Iturbide.
Art. 3. The water thereof shall be divided into 30 shares and the
preference given as follows: 1st. To married persons, and among these,
to those having the largest families. 2nd. To the iahabitants of the de-
partment of Saltillo in parity of circumstances, provided that neither the
former nor the latter possess other property of the same kind.
(362)