254
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Art. 3. Curates, prelates, vicars, and others to whom the documents
mentioned in article 1, are directed, on reception thereof, shall present
them to the executive that he may transmit them immediately to congress
or the standing deputation. In case of contravention on the part of cur-
ates, they shall be banished from the state for the term of two years, and
rejected from their benefice; and should it be on the part of the others,
they shall incur the said banishment.
Art. 4. Persons who print, or re-print the edicts, &c., prohibted in ar-
ticle 1, shall be tried in conformity to the laws relative to the liberty of
the press.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
AUGUSTIN VIESCA, President.
J. J. GRANDE, D. S.
J. M. de URANGA, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given in the city of Monclova on the 18th of-April, 1834.
F. V. VILLASENOR.
Jose M. FALCON, Secretary.
[ Copied from a former Translation.}
Supreme Government of the free State \
of Coahuila and Texas. $
The constitutional Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to
all its inhabitants: Know ye,'that the congress of the same state has de-
creed the following:
DECREE No. 277.
The constitutional Congress of the free, independent and sovereign State
of Coahuila and Texas, desirous to provide for the happines and pros-
perity of their constituents, and to comply with the obligation imposed
on them by the 192 article of the constitution, decree the following:
A Plan, for the better regulation of the administration
of Justice in Texas.
SECTION 1.
Art. 1. Texas shall be formed into one Judicial Circuit, which shall
be denominated “The Superior Judicial Court of Texas.”
Art. 2. All causes civil and criminal shall be tried by juries, in the
manner and form prescribed by this law.
Art. 3. The circuit shall be divided into three districts, which are the
three departments of Texas.
( 364 )