Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
255
Art. 4. The Superior court shall be composed of one superior judge,
one secretary, and one sheriff, for each judicial district; and in criminal
cases, the jury and one prosecuting attorney.
Art. 5: The court shall hold its sessions every four months in the cap-
itals of the three districts, commencing in that of Bexar, the first Monday
of January, April and August: In that of Brazos, the first Monday of
February, May and September: And in that of Nacogdoches, the first
Monday of March, June and October.
Art. 6. For the trial of civil causes, there shall be in every municipal-
ity a tribunal for each primary judge, composed- of the judge, a subaltern
.sheriff, and the jury. Their sessions shall be held every two months of.
the year, commencing on the fourth Monday of the month in which the
session ought to be held.
Art. 7. In all cases both civil and criminal, the jury shall be composed
of twelve men, who shall be sworn, and the joint opinion of eight of them
.shall be considered the decision of the jury.
Art. 8. In every commissary’s district there shall be one constable, to
execute the orders of the commissary, and discharge such further duties
as this law may designate.
Art. 9. To be constable it is necessary that the individual possess the
same qualifications as are required of the commissary; and he shall be
elected at the same time, and under the same regulations that are pre-
.scribed for the election of the latter.
Art. 10. The same number of subaltern sheriff shall be elected, and at
the same time, and in the same manner as the Alcaldes: The district
sheriffs shall also be appointed in the same manner and form.
Art. 11. One of the lists, which according to the lOOdth. article of
■decree No, 37, of the 13th of June 1827, are directed to be formed in every
municipality for the election of district sheriff, shall be remitted to the
.superior judge, who on examination of all the lists remitted shall, com-
pute. the votes and declare who has been elected, giving official notice
thereof to the individual so elected.
Art. 12. The prosecuting attorneys, secretaries and district sheriffs,
shall be appointed by the superior judge, from among the most proper
persons [of the jurisdiction;] and before him they shall take the oath pre-
scribed by the 220th article of the constitution.
Art. 13. For the formation of the jury in civil cases, the commissaries,
at the commencement of every year, shall remit to the respective Ayunta-
mientos, a list containing the names of all the citizens of his jurisdiction,
qualified to serve as jurors, and the Ayuntamientos shall have a seperate
box for each comisaria in which shall be kept the names of the jurors,
■each written on a seperate slip of paper.
Art. 14. One month before the opening of the sessions of the court,
the Ayuntamiento shall meet, and in their presence the secretary shall
•draw out of each box one name, until he get 36 names, which shall then
be put together into another and seperate box, and a list of them shall be
given to the sheriff, in order that he may cite them in due time.
(365 )