Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
257
ART: 21. The executive officers, in case of necessity, may demand of
the. respective commandants, the .assistance of the civil militia, .to carry
into execution the orders' which "they may have rceived from the com-
petent authority; and every citizen is under obligation to assist them in
the fulfilment of this duty. ■	.
Art. 32/ During the time of the sessions of the court, there shall be
appointed by lot, six constables, who shall assist the sheriff of the district;
and three others for the subaltern sheriff.
' Art." 23. For this purpose, the names of all the constables of the re-
spectiye jurisdictions shall be put: together, and the secretaries, of dis-
tricts, or the primary judges, as the case may be, shall draw out the nine',
provided for in the preceding article,. and shall communicate the result,
to the. individuals who may in this manner have been appointed.
Art. 24. The juries are judges of all the facts in controversy, and of.
the laws concerning evidence, subject to the instruction of the judge,
but they have the right to differ from him in opinion; but in regard to,
all other laws, they shall be regulated strictly according to their literal
tenor.	■	/
Art. 25. The facts established by the decision of the jury shall be con-
sidered as conclusive, and cannot be controverted before any tribunal or
authort, except in the single case of corruption of the jury.
Art. 26. In all criminal cases,at the time of forming the jury, the
accused shall hayethe right to object peremptorily and without assigning
his reasons to twenty, of the individuals named as jurors.
Art. 27. Any person interested in the case may object to jurors on ac-
count of any of the following disabilities: For not being a citizen in the.
exercise of his rights; For being under twenty years of age, if married, or
under twenty-five if a single man; For having committed some crime of'
treachery or falsehood, of any other , whatever meriting corporal punish-
ment; For want of impartiality on account of being a relative of one of .
the parties within the fifth degree inclusive; For having acted in the case
on a former occasion, as judge, juror, arbiter, or arbitrator: For having
some private interest in the case: For having been suborned, or haying
received pay for administering justice: For having been counsel, attorney,
or agent, for one of the parties in the case pending; or for being actually •
his servant or master. These disabilities are absolute, and the judge shall
determine them by one witness, or such other testimony as he may deem
sufficient.
Art. 28. Jurors may also be objected to for any just suspicion of par-,
tiality whatever, established by: indications or circumstances at the dis-
cretion of the judge.. . ’
Art. 29. All the judicial acts contemplated by this law,-shall be pub-
lie, except-the investigation of, the police, ■	/	■
Art.' 30. The trial, in all criminal cases, shall be conducted in the
language of the accused party, -provided .it. be one. of the two idioms-es-
tablished by. law in Texas; and- if ,'a. jury acquainted with the language
of the defendant cannot be procured in the district where the crime was
(367)2