260
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
suitable person to defend his ease, and with him the demand shall be
determined, and the sentence executed without redress.
Paragraph 2nd.—Of the Trial Sumario.
Abt. 49. Immediately on receiving information whether by accusa-
tion, letter, official notice, or in any other manner whatever, of a crime
having been committed, for which a judicial process is required to be in-
stituted, the judge, or commissary, as the case may be, shall take an ac-
count of said information, in writing, and shall immediately take such
steps as shall conduce to the investigation of the crime and the detection
of its author or authors.
Abt. 50. The [the judge or commissary,] shall concur personally with
assisting witnesses; and others professionally instructed in such cases,
if they can be had, to certify, the crime, with all its circumstances, recog-
nising, (if it be homicide,) the body, the situation of the wounds, their
dimensions, and with what weapon they were inflicted: If it be a rob-
bery, its signs, the previous existence of the thing robbed, the mode of
entrance, and what vestiges or tracks may be discovered; and in like man-
ner in all other cases, signing the investigations made, with the assisting
witnesses, and professional men, who shall previously be sworn to make a
true and faithful report.
Abt. 51. After these preliminaries, the judge shall take the declara-
tion, of the accused if in his power, and afterwards examine all the wit-
nesses, that may be had in the case. 1 ।
Abt. 52. When, according to the laws, the crime' shall not merit the
panishment of death, transportation, banishment, imprisonment, fetters,
or labor on the public works, the accused shall be set at liberty, giving
bail and security in conformity with the 184 article of the constitu-
tion.
Abt. 53.'Vagabonds, Habitual drunkards, the quarrelsome, and the
delinquent who may have committed the same crime more than once,
shall not enjoy the privilege mentioned in the preceding article.
Abt. 54. If upon examination, it appear that the accused is not guilty,
he shall immediately be set at liberty by the judge; but if the crime be
proved, and the criminal ascertained, the sentence of imprisonment shall
be made out within forty-eight hours after his arrest, he shall be notified
thereof, and sent to the capital of the district, with a copy of the afore-
mentioned sentence, that the alcalde may be made acquainted with his
responsibility; and a summary of the whole proceeding shall be forwarded
to the Secretary of the district.
Paragraph 3rd.— Of the Trial Criminal Plenario.
ART. 55. The district secretaries shall keep a record, in a book suit-
able for that purpose, according to the dates of the sentences of
imprisonment, giving therein an account of the causes transmitted by the
(370)