264
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
-of one of the jurors, who may have concurred in the opinion of the ma-
jority of the jury, an action shall be formed against said juror, without
the necessity of a previous Sumario; he shall be taken into custody, and
the trial shall proceed, with all the formalites provided for by this law
in the trial Criminal Plenario, to the definitive sentence. If this be
condemnatory, the sentence pronounced upon the verdict of the jury of
which the condemned juror was one, shall be revoked, and the trial com-
menced anew.
Art. 83. The juror may interpose the plea of Nullity, in regard to the
penalty that may have been imposed upon him, and in that case, all the
formalities mentioned in the preceding articles in regard to cases of this
nature shall be observed. The penalty inflicted on a juror convicted of
bribery shall be the same as for that of perjury.
SECTION 5.
Of Crimes committed by the Superior and Primary Judges.
Art. 84. In case the superior judge shallbe accused of any crime
whether official or ordinary, the provisions of the 197 article of the con-
stitution shall be observed, and the legislature shall previously declare
that there be just cause of action.
Art. 85. The provisions of the above cited 197th article of the con-
stitution shall also be observed in accusations against primary judges for
crimes of office, the suprerior court first declaring that there be just cause
of action.
Art. 86. For this purpose, the accusation shall be formed without the
necessity of the process Sumario, provided in this law, and the trial
shall be entered upon and pursued according to the processs Criminal
Plenario, till the verdict of the jury. In conformity with the regulations
of law in such cases, the judge shall declare whether there be sufficient
cause of action, or not.
Art. 87. The declaration of the judge being in the affirmative, the
plaintiff shall present his accusation in form, directed to the correspond-
ing hall of the supreme court, which shall be added to the record, and
without any examination whatever, shall be remitted to the afore-
mentioned hall of justice.
Art. 88. In conformity with the facts manifested in the record, and
without admitting new evidence, the supreme tribunal shall proceed to
take cognizance of, and determine the cause, according to all the cir-
cumstances of the case, and recourses permitted by law, without the
necessity of the personal appearance of the plaintiff, the Fiscal acting as
prosecutor in the case.
Art. 89. The defendant may alledge in his defence the nullity of the
record, in conformity with the provisions of this law in such cases.
Art. 90. The sentence given, the proceedings shall be transmitted to
the superior court, for its execution.
( 374 )