266
Lazus and Decress of Coahuila and Texas.
Art. 100. The defendant, or his attorney having replied to the de-
mand, and the pleadings of the parties being concluded, the case shall
be ready for trial.
Art. 101. Neither of the parties shall be permitted to present more
than two writings, and the term of three days shall be allowed for the
Leplica, counted from that of the Contestation, and the same time shall
be allowed for the Duplica, counted from that of the Leplica; and the
judge shall deliver these documents to the parties to whom they may
respectively appertain, immediately on receiving them.
Art. 102. For the despatch of civil cases, the tribunals spoken of in
the 6th article of this law shall hold their sessions at the times therein
mentioned, and they shall continue till the conclusion of all the causes
before them.
Art. 103. All causes shall be despatched according to the order of their
dates, unless there be just grounds for their delay, subject to the strictest
responsibility of the judge.
Art. 104. For this purpose a record shall be kept, in which shall be
entered with all clearness, the causes ready for trial, according to their
dates, stating the names of the parties, their attorneys, if they have any,
the matter of controversy, and the day of the conclusion of the pleadings
preparatory to the trial.
Art. 105. On the day assigned for the trial, the parties shall present
their evidence, and for this purpose, they shall previously deliver to the
judge a list of the witnesses whose testimony they require, in time suf-
ficient for them to be summoned by the sheriff.
Art. 106. If any of the witnesses reside out of the jurisdiction, the
party interested shall present his interrogatories in sufficient time, and
shall give notice to the other party, in order that he may add such inter-
rogatories as he may think proper, which he shall do within three days.
Art. 107. The judge shall transmit these documents, with an official
notice to the judge of the place of residence of the witness or witnesses,
or wi th a commission in which he shall appoint one or more examiners
who shall take down in full, the testimony given, under the usual form
of oath in such cases.
Art. 108. On the day appointed for the trial, and the parties being
ready, the box containing the names of the jurors which have been cited
according to the 16 th article of this law, shall be placed before them,
and the plaintiff and defendant alternately, commencing with the former,
shall draw out the number of names necessary to form the jury; and
during the remainder of the trial the same formalities shall be observed
as are prescribed in the trial Criminal Plenario.
SECTION 7.
Of Appeals to the Superior Court.
Art. 109. The parties being satisfied with the decision of the
( 376 )