Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
267
court, it shall be carried into execution; or otherwise either of them may,
within eight days, petition for an appeal to the superior court.
A.RT. 110. The party who considers himself aggrieved, and may wish
to interpose this remedy, shall swear that he does not intend it for the
purpose of delay, but that he believes justice has not been done accord-
ing to the law in his favor, and he shall present his petition within the
time specified, in which he shall set forth the reasons upon which it is
founded.
Art. 111. The petition shall be admitted by the judge, who shall give
a copy thereof to the other party, who shall contest the same within
three days, counting from that on which the petition was presented, and
these documents shall be remitted to the secretary of the respectives ju-
dicial district.
Art. 112. The secretary shall keep a book in which he shall take an
account of all the civil cases thus transmitted, expressing the names of
the litigants, the matter of controversy, and the day on which he received
the documents.
Art. 113. The superior court having opened its sessions in the re-
spective district, and the criminal cases, which have the preference, being
despatched, the court shall proceed to hear and determine the civil cases,
first hearing the verbal pleadings if any are to be made.
Art. 114. The superior court shall be guided in its determinations by
the provisions of this law concerning the appeal of Nullity, from the
81st to the 83rd article inclusive.
Art. 115. The cause being returned, the judge shall be regulated by
the decision of the supreme court and shall proceed without delay to
carry it into execution.
Art. 116. If either of the parties shall be dissatisfied with the opinion
of the superior court, he may resort to the appeal of Nullity, to the cor-
respondent hall of the supreme tribunal of justice, and in that case the
provisions of this law concerning the appeal of Nullity shall be observed,
remitting a certified copy of the record, the original being returned to
the respective judge for the execution of the sentence, according to the
preceding article.
SECTION 8.
Of Executions and of the Trial Executive.
Art. 117. The officer to whom a writ of execution may be committed,
in criminal cases, shall govern himself with the most scrupulous exact-
ness according to the directions of the precept, in which the judges shall
take care to designate clearly all the circumstances which are to be ob-
served.
Art. 118. In civil cases also, the executive officer shall be governed
by the directions contained in the order of execution.
Art. 119. In respect to judgments which demand an order of exe-
( 377 )