Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
269
creditors, having demands against the same debtor, and there be not prop-
erty sufficient to satisfy the whole, there shall be called a Concurso.
ART. 134. This trial is had between the debtor and his creditors, all be-
ing plaintiffs and defendants at the same time; and these preliminary pro-
ceedings shall be concluded by two instruments of writing by each of the
parties, and the trial shall proceed and be concluded according to. all the
forms established by this law, for the trial Civil Plenario, until the judg-
ment, which in this case shall be called, the sentence of Graduation, be-
cause in it the order shall be designated in which all the creditors who
may have proved their right shall be paid.
Abt. 132. From this sentence, either of the parties may appeal to
the superior court, the dispositions of the law in such cases being strictly
observed.
SECTION 9.
GENERAL Provisions.
Art. 133. That the superior judge may be respected and obeyed in
the discharge of his several duties, he may impose fines, not exceeding
two hundred dollars, or imprisonment not exceeding thirty days; being
.always responsible for the abuse of his power.
Art. 134. In the case of the appeal of nullity, should it be necessary
to transmit to the supreme court a record that may be written in Eng-
lish, the judge shall appoint a translator, who shall translate it into Span-
ish and the appellant shall pay the cost of the translation,
Art. 135. The dress of etiquette of the supreme judge shall be black,
or dark blue, and a white sash with gold tassels; and this dress shall be
used on all solemn occasions.
ART. 136. When the judge, commissary, .sheriff or constable, act un-
justly, illegally, or arbitrarily, in the administration of justice, the party
aggrieved may have recourse to the superior judge, who after taking the
information Sumaria of the act, shall despatch the necessary order for
the correction of the offence.
Art. 137. All the municipalities shall contribute, according to the num-
ber of their inhabitants, to the construction of a jail, in the capital of
the district to which they belong, and in the meantime, for the securing
of offenders, all fines and other pecuniary penalties, which may be im-
posed according to this law shall be applied to that object.
Art. 138. The superior judge shall give account, every month, to the
government, of the state of the administration of justice in his circuit, as
also the effects which this law may produce, and the difficulties or doubts
which may offer themselves, in its execution, in order that he may recom-
mend to the legislature the proper remedy.
Art. 239. The salaries established by this law shall be paid, the first
year, with vacant lands situated within the judicial circuit, and at the
rate of one hundred dollars for each sitio.
( 379 )