272
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
DECREE No. 280.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
After the lands are once exposed at public sale with all the formalities
provided in the law of the 26th of March last, should there be no offer
as high as the minimum price therein specified, they shall be open for any
person to purchase them at said price, without the necessity of again
opening the auction.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
AUGUSTIN VIESCA, President.
J. J. GRANDE, D. S.
J. M. de URANGA, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed published, circulated, and duly
fulfilled.
Given at the city of Monclova on the 23rd of April, 1834.
FRANCISCO V. y VILLASENOR.
Jose Miguel FALCON, Secretary.
DECREE No. 281.
Taking into contemplation that nearly seven years have passed and some
of the towns of the state have not yet completed the distribution of
lands and waters provided in articles 137, 138, 139 and 140 of the
politico-financial regulations, and noting that said infringements have
proceeded from evil intention rather than ignorance on the part of
some persons, who being interested that said distribution may not be
accomplished, excite difficulties with regard to very clear points, but
which have hitherto had the effect they desired, causing injustice and
injury to those who have a right to become proprietors in said lands
and waters, and to the towns where they exist for joint fruition, the
congress of the state of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to de-
cree:
Abt. 1. In towns formerly called
of natives
wherein
the distribution of lands and waters, pertaining to the established farm-
tracts thereof, should not have been consummated in the manner pro-
vided by decree No. 37, for the politico-financial administration, and in
those which have not commenced the execution of the law in this respect,
said law shall be strictly fulfilled under charge of the Ayuntamientos, on
their most rigid responsibility, within one month from the publication
of this decree.
Art. 2. The department chiefs, in fifteen days after receiving the com-
plaints directed to them from said, cause by persons claiming to be ag-
grieved, and wishing to use their exertions, shall decide the same ad-
ministratively and without appeal; after fifteen days have expired from
making the distribution, complaints that are made shall not be heard.
(382 )