274
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
■ fulfilled.
Given at the city of Monelova on the 24th April, 1834.
FRANCISCO V. y VILLASENOR.
Jose Miguel FALCON, Secretary.
DECREE No. 283.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. An Ayuntamiento and the respective primary judge or judges
shall be established at the town of San Patricio in the department of
Bexar.
Art. 2. Said new municipality shall have the following limits; commenc-
ing on the left bank of the river Nueces at the boundary of the ten literal
leagues, and following said line eastward to within the distance of ten
leagues of La Bahia del Espiritu Santo; thence in a straight line to strike
the junction of the river Medina with that of San Antonio and following
the right bank of the latter so far as the crossing of the old road leading
from Rio Grande to Bexar, thence following said road as far as the river
Nueces, and thence to the place of beginning.
Art. 3. The provision of the foregoing articles shall go into effect im-
mediately on their publication, and the Alcalde of Goliad shall repair to
preside at their respective elections.
Art. 4. Another municipality shall be established upon the river Colo-
rado, to be called municipality of Mina, the capital of which shall be
the new town established upon the left bank of said river at the crossing
of the upper road leading between Bexar and Nacogdoches, and said
town shall also be called Mina.
Art. 5. The jurisdiction of said Municipality shall be included in the
following limits; commencing at the crossing of the old road leading from
La Bahia to Nacogdoches at the branche of Palmito Creek as delineated
upon Austin’s map of Texas; thence in a straight line to the place where
the eastern line of the colony granted to Austin in 1827, leaves the afore-
mentioned road leading from Bexar to Nacogdoches; thence in a straight
line to the head waters of the main branch of Bear Creek; thence in a di-
rect course to the confluence of the rivers Llano and Colorado, ascending
said Llano as far as the mouth of Chimal Creek; thence in a straight line
to the head waters of la Vaca river, descending said river to the upper
la Bahia road, and following said road to the place of beginning.
Art. 6. The Alcalde of the town of Austin, shall proceed to the town
of Mina to preside at the-electoral meetings of the new Ayuntamiento ac-
cording to law.
(384)