278
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
occurences that threaten the republic, the permanent deputation, asso-
ciated with the council, and those members of congress who are present
at the capital, exercising the power conferred by article 90 of the con-
stitution of the state, has thought proper to decree:
Abt. 1. The state shall not permit the exalted name of religion to be
wontonly invoked within its territory, and its present tranquillity dis-
turbed. by resorting to pronunciamentos, under that or any'other pretence.
The state shall not consent to the impunity of the crimes of those per-
sons, hostile to federal institutions, who have sought to screen themselves
within the mantle of religion, availing themselves of the ignorance and
superstition in some of the towns to excite sedition for the purpose of
attempting, by taking the public unawares, to re-establish the corrupt
administration of those, who sacrificed the existence of the illustrious
Guerrero, and fdled the country with mourning.
Abt. 2. With that view the executive shall dictate whatever measures
he shall deem proper to obstruct the efforts of those who make such at-
tempts, banishing them from' the limits of the state, should it be neces-
sary, during the continuance of the present revolution in the republic.
Abt. 3. The executive shall prevent the entrance of all those persons,
who in the present revolutionary crisis of the republic have been banished
by any of the other states legally represented, and on his strict responsi-
bility, shall cause all those, who have entered since the first of May last,
immediately to depart.
ART. 4. The executive shall not permit troops of the standing army
to be introduced. into the state, under any pretence.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
MARCIAL BORREGO, President.
J. J. GRANDE, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given at the citv of Monclova on the 24th of June, 1834.
F. V. y VILLASENOR.
J. Antonio Padilla, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. 5
The Governor of the state of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhabitants
thereof: Be it known, that the permanent deputation, united with the
executive council, agreeably to the provision of article 89 of the con-
stitution of the state, in consequence of the present political occur-
rences in the republic, has thought proper to decree as follows:
Abt, 1 The congress of the state is hereby convoked to hold extra-
ordinary sessions to be opened on the 11th of August—the preparatory
meeting to be holden on the 9th of said month.
(388 )