282
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
cies of the state, may dispose of the vacant lands thereof to the amount of
four hundred sitios.
Art. 2. He shall regulate the colonization of said lands on the basis
and conditions he shall judge proper, without subjection to the provision
of the law of the 26th of March of the year last past.
Art. 3. The executive shall dictate the necessary measures for the col-
lection of all sums due the state, from whatever source they are to come.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
J. A. TIJERINA, President.
A. de la V. y MONTES, D. S.
D. GRANT, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated, and duly
fulfilled.
Given in the city of Monclova on the 14th March, 1835.
J. M. CANTU.
J. B. C. y Estrada, D. Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. 5
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, ad interim, in exer-
cise of the executive power, to all the inhabitants thereof: Be it known,
that the congress of said state has decreed as follows:
DECREE No. 294.
The Congress of the state of Coahuila and Texas having determined the
elections of governor, vice governor, and councillors, made by the elec-
toral district assemblies of the districts of Leona Vicario, Parras, Mon-
clova, Rio Grande, Bexar, Brassos and Nacogdoches, on the 9th of Feb-
ruary last, decrees as follows:
Art. 1. Augustin Viesca, having received the majority of all the votes
at the electoral district juntas, determined by congress according to law,
is hereby declared Governor of the state.
Art. 2. Ramon Muzquiz is hereby declared Vice Governor of the State.
Art. 3. In the same manner, Marcial Borrego, Jose M. de Uranga,
and Miguel Falcon are hereby declared councillors, proper.
Art. 4. Bartolome de Cardenas and Eugenio Navarro are likewise
substitute councillors.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
J. A. TIJERINA, President.
A. de la V. y MONTES, D. S.
D. GRANT, D. S.
(392)