284
Laivs and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duty
fulfilled.
Given in the city of Monclova on the 4th of April, 1835.
M. BORREGO,
Jose M. Falcon, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. 5
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, ad interim, in exer-
cise of the executive power, to all the inhabitants thereof: Be it known,
that the congress of said state has decreed as follows:
DECREE No. 297.
Whereas, 1st., According to official information this day received by the
ordinary post, the department of Leona Vicario, consequent to the
protest made by its deputies on withdrawing from this legislature, has
disavowed the acts thereof, and also those of the executive of the state.
2nd.—Don Martin Perfecto de Cos, general commandant of these
states, in his official communication to the executive, takes the like
course, thus favoring the anarchick views of those who have revolted.
3rd.—It is known by communications received by express from some'
places on the frontier that the said military chief is marching troops
composed of regulars upon this capital: The Congress of the State
of Coahuila and Texas, has thought proper to decree:
Art. 1. The executive is hereby authorized to take of himself what-
ever measures he may think proper for securing the public tranquillity
in the state, and sustaining the authorities thereof, in the free exercise
of their functions.
Art. 2. In pursuance thereof he may collect such number and force
of the civic militia of the state as he deems necessary, organizing the
same according to the powers granted him by the decree of the perma-
nent deputation of the 26th of June last.
Art. 3. He shall not permit any military force pertaining to the stand-
ing army to exist in this capital unless by express order of the national
executive.
Art. 4. The executive is hereby competently authorized to contract
loans upon the state rents for the purpose of discharging the expense in-
curred in the execution of this decree.
For its fulfilment. the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
J. M. MIER, President.
D. GRANT, D. S.
J. M. CARBAJAL, D. S.
(394)