286
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
stability and consolidation of the government, they may have partici-
pated in our political disturbances, and equity and justice require that
they should be treated with the same equality. Therefore this legisla-
ture formally introduces the following propositions, which it requests
your honorable body will condescend to approve.
1.	The amnesty or pardon, granted for political offences, shall extend
to all periods, at which they have been committed.
II.	Said grace shall include those persons not born in the republic,
who, after having legally acquired the civil rights therein, have partici-
pated in the said crimes.
Hall of sessions of congress of the state of Coahuila and Texas, at Mon-
clova, on the 8th of April, 1835.
J. M. MIER, President.
D. GRANT, D. S.
J. M. CARBAJAL, D. S.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. (
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, ad interim, in exer-
cise of the executive power, to all the inhabitants thereof: Be it known,
that the congress of the said State has decreed as .follows:
DECREE No. 298.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Aht. 1. The privilege of exemption from duties, granted by article 1
of the law No. 176 of the 28th of April 1831, to raw cotton, is hereby
prolonged six years.
Abt. 2. Said privilege shall include the cotton grown in any part of
the state, but shall be understood as subject to the restrictions provided
in article 3 of the aforementioned law No. 176.
Por its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
J. M. MIER, President.
D. GRANT, D. S.
J. M. CARBAJAL, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated, and duly
fulfilled.
Given in the city of Monelova on the 13th of April, 1835.
M. BORREGO.
Jose M. FALCON, Secretary.
Executive Department of the .State of )
Coahuila and Texas. )
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, ad interim in exer-
cise of the executive power, to all the inhabitants thereof: Be it known,
that the congress of said state has decreed as follows:
( 396 )