288
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Art. 4. For the present said officers shall receive as an emolumuent
twenty per cent, on the entire product of the rents they collect, allowing
eight per cent. to receivers on what the latter respectively collect.
Art. 5. Said receivers shall bind themselves responsible for their man-
agement to the satisfaction of the collectors, who shall be responsible to
the executive.
Art. 6. On the sums they receive for vacant lands, they shall have the
six per cent., assigned in article 28 of the law of the 26th of March,
1834.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published and circulated.
J. M. MIER, President.
A. de la V. y MONTES, D. S. S.
J. M. J. CARVAJAL, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given in the city of Monclova on the 22d of April, 1835.
AUGUSTIN VIESCA.
J. M. YRALA, Secretary.
EXPOSITION,
Submitted by the Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas to the
Congress of the Republic, requesting that the Federal Constitution
may not be reformed, except in the manner therein provided.
To the Hon. Congress of the Republic.
The course of all our former revolutions, and the sad experience they
have left, have not sufficed to restrain the pretensions of the two parties,
which, with deceptive purpose, have long contended for a decided victory.
Plans are formed, pronunciamentos, accompanied by appeal to arms, con-
stantly occur, and in all these eruptions the principles of the constitution,
and the rights of the people, are proclaimed. But it appears that they
are invoked, only to be destroyed. Action, unfortunately, has never cor-
responded to declaration; and from the like alternative, distrust, discord,
and a disposition to persecution and revenge constitute our settled course
of action. Before one pronunciamento is entirely organized, signs of an-
other appear.
One year has not yet passed since the grito of Cuernavaca, rousing
the religious fears of some, and the private interest of others, who were
dissatisfied with the Convention of Zavaleta, became general through-
out the republic. By that grito the lawful authority of the general
congress was disavowed, and most of the state legislatures dissolved, un-
(398)