290
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
and others enacted, whereby such preponderance is given to the privi-
leged classes that they will not cease to reiterate their disorderly efforts
to continue their abuses. The civic militia is diminished throughout
the republic, or, more properly speaking, the only defence of liberty, and
of the rights of the commonwealth, is destroyed. The national execu-
tive, whose attention should be given to the revolution in the south, pre-
pares a military expedition against the friendly state of Zacatecas, which
has so often contributed to the national renown by curbing despotism
and the abuse of power. The general commandant of the interior states,
intervenes in the most turbulent manner in the internal administration
of the state of Coahuila and Texas, to the extremity of dictating orders
prohibiting the execution of some of the laws issued by this legislature,
and commands the garrisons to move from their stations upon the fron-
tier where they are so much needed against the savages, and to approach
this capital, evidently with the intention of overawing the civil authori-
ties, and accomplishing his capricious designs. The natonal executive,
to whom application has been made to restrain these encroachments of
the military authority, maintains a profound silence in so delicate a mat-
ter. Every thing indicates the danger with which we are threatened,
and should we not proceed with great circumspection and wisdom, we
shall be again involved in a civil war, and its consequent evils still more
disastrous than the past. That we are on the verge of that condition,
cannot escape the wisdom and penetration of your honorable body,
which, it is hoped, will not fail to adopt efficient and seasonable meas-
ures, and which, with that view, this legislature has the honor to address.
Hall of sessions of the congress of the state of Coahuila and Texas at
Monelova on the 22nd of April, 1835.
J. M. MIER. President.
A. de la V. v MONTES, D. S. S.
J. M. CARBAJAL, D. S.
INTRODUCTORY PROPOSITION,
Directed to the General Congress by the legislature of the State of
Coahuila and Texas, on the subject of repealing^ the laiv diminish-
ing the national local militia, in support of a similar proposition,
directed by the Congress of Zacatecas.
To the Hon. Congress of the Republic.
The decree diminishing the civic militia, has called the attention of this
legislature, and determined it to propose its repeal. This body would fail
in its duty, were it to be indifferent to the serious evils that the fulfillment
of that decree would cause to the entire nation and to the state it repre-
sents.
(400 )