292
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
DECREE No. 301.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree:
Abt. 1. Two years longer term for building thereon is hereby granted
to those, who may have purchased grounds according to article 6th of the
law of the 27th of April 1833, under the penalties determined in said
article, should they not comply.
Art. 2. That term of four years resulting from the said extension
shall be reckoned from the date, whereon the executive shall have ap-
proved the contracts.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
J. M. MIER, President.
A. de la V. y MONTES, D. S. S.
J. M. J. CARVAJAL, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given in the citv of Monclova on the 24th April, 1835.
AUGUSTIN VIESCA.
J. M. IRALA, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. 5
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhab-
itants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECREE No. 302.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. The proposition of Benjamin R. Milam, to clear out the river
Colorado of Texas, and render it navigable as far as the town of Mina,
in the term of three years, leaving it entirely clear of the accumulated
drift timber, and other obstacles that now obstruct its navigation, is
hereby accepted.
Art. 2. In pursuance thereof, exclusive right is hereby granted to the
said Milam, for the term of ten years, for navigating the said river with
boats or vessels propelled by steam; and for those propelled by oars, sails,,
or of any. other kind, the navigation shall be free.
Art. 3. Should the undertaker not commence the work within one,
and should it not be completed in thee years, he shall forfeit the privi-
lege granted him in the preceding article.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
J. M. MIER, President.
D. GRANT, D. S.
J. M. J. CARVAJAL, D. S.
(402)