Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
293
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given in the citv of Monclova on the 25th of April, 1835.
AUGUSTIN VIESCA.
J. M. IRALA, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. 5
The Governor of the state of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhab-
itants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECEEE No. 303.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
The ordinary sessions of the congress of the state, are hereby prorogued
one month, in conformity to the 8 7th article of the constitution.
For its fulfilment, the Constitutional Governor of the State shall cause
it to be printed, published, and circulated.
J. M. MIEE, President.
D. GRANT. D. S.
J: M. CARVAJAL, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given at the city of Monclova on the 27 th April, 1835.
AUGUSTIN VIESCA.
T. M. IRALA, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. (
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhab-
itants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECEEE No. 304.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. The executive acts performed in the department of Saltillo,
so lang as the said department refused obedience to the executive of the
state, by Don Miguel Ramos and Don Jose M. Goribar, whatever may
have been their official investiture, are hereby declared to be, and to have
been, of no force.
Art. 2. In pursuance thereof, they shall all be subject to be reviewed
by the executive, without whose express authorization, none shall be
valid.
Art. 3. All the provisions that have had for their object the disposal
of the public revenue of the state, are hereby excepted, in regard to which,
congress reserves to itself to take the proper measures when the necessary
data are transmitted.
(403 )