300
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Art. 3. Those who consider themselves in the latter case mentioned
in the preceding article, shall prove to the proper authorities that they
were legally domiciliated in the State, at the time the constitution was
published, without this requisite or the certificate of citizenship they shall
neither be admitted at the electoral acts, or be eligible to public office in
the state.
Art. 4. In the departments of Bexar, Brazos and Nacogdoches, the
executive shall regulate the issuing of said certificates as he shall think
most proper, as well that the persons interested may receive them without
difficulty, as that fraud may not be committed to the detriment of the
public treasury.
Art. 5. Every four months the executive shall notify congress, and
during the recess thereof, the standing deputation, of the number of cer-
tificates he should have issued, and of the persons, in whose favour they
were made out, stating the place of their origin.
Por its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
A. de la V. y MONTES, President.
J. M. J. CARVAJAL, D. S.
J. A. TIJERINA, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given in the city of Monclova on the 8th of May, 1835.
AUGUSTIN VIESCA.
J. M. IRALA, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State qf )
Coahuila and Texas. )
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhabi-
tants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed as
follows:
DECREE No. 313.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. The executive is hereby authorized to designate, in attention
to the repose and safety of the state, such of the vacant lands thereof as
he shall think most appropriate for situating the tribes of friendly and
civilized Indians, who have emigrated to Texas.
Art. 2. He shall establish with the said tribes a line of defence upon
the frontier, to protect the state from the irruptions and hostilities of
the savages.
Eor its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
A. de la V. v MONTES, President.
J. M. J. CARVAJAL. D. S.
J. A. TIJERINA, D. S.
(410)