304
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Art. 2. Empresarios have no right to exact any kind of compensa-
tion of families or persons who have not emigrated to the country at
their expense, even should they have acquired lands within the limits
of their empresas.
Art. 3. No change shall be made in any of the possessions that should
have been given with the consent of the empresarios, or without it,
provided, that the express concession of the executive, and the other
formalities the laws provide, shall have preceded.
Art. 4. Should the foregoing article result to the prejudice of the em-
presarios in the occupation of lands already distributed, they shall be
allowed the sole recourse of being compensated by the executive with
other vacant lands, sufficient for placing the families for which they
contracted.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
A. de la V. y MONTES, President.
J. M. J. CARVAJAL, D. S.
J. A. TIJEEINA, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given in the city of Monciova on the 16th of May, 1835.
AUGUSTIN VIESCA.
J. M. IRALA, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. 5
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhabi-
tants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECEEE No. 315.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. It is hereby granted that an annual fair be holden at the
city of Monclova, to commence on the 15th and close on the 30th of
October.
Art. 2. National effects sold during the time of the fair shall be
free from excise duties for the term of four years.
Art. 3. The same privilege mentioned in the foregoing articles is here-
by granted to the town of San Buena-ventura, commencing from the
15th of November, and closing at the end of said month.
A. de la V. y MONTES, President.
J. M. J. CABVAJAL, D. S.
J. A. TIJEEINA, D. S.
(414)