Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
309
ART. 5. Those resulting to the owners of animals mentioned in the
last part of the preceding article shall be allowed two months from the
sale to have them returned, should they be still to be had, in which case,
besides paying the purchasers what they gave for them, they shall pay
them for the trouble of breaking them, agreeably to the decision of com-
petent judges.
. Abt. 6. Animals having brands not known, and those that shall be
taken from the savages in warfare by the inhabitants or persons belong-
ing to the civic militia, shall be valued as above mentioned and distrib-
uted among those who concurred in the act of taking them.
Abt. 7. Should the beasts distributed agreeably to the preceding arti-
cle have unknown brands, those to whose lot they should fall shall not be
legitimate owners thereof until after the expiration of three years, for
should their owners previously appear, they shall be entitled to receive
them on proving property and pay what is called the tax of removal.
Abt. 8. Should any person or persons, of the inhabitants, or those be-
longing to the civic militia, who shall go to carry on the war, die in that
service, their parents, wives and children, shall be respectively included,
as the case may be, in the distribution of the animals.
Abt. 9. The ayuntamientos shall take care to circulate the lists men-
tioned in article 8 of the law relative to strays, to all the towns of the
state, and to the authorities of those adjoining, under their most strict
responsibility, which shall be made effectual for any omission that shall
be noted in this particular.
Abt. 10. The inhabitants of the department of Rio Grande shall be
excepted from paying the tax established in article 6th of the aforemen-
tioned law No. 8 of the 31st of August 1827, for the term of four years,
and otherwise the said law, so far as it is not opposed to this decree, shall
continue in force.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
A. de la V. MONTES, Presiden.
J. M. J. CARBAJAL, D. S.
J. A. TIJERINA, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given in the citv of Monclova, on the 19 th of May, 1835.
AUGUSTIN VIESCA.
J. M. YRALA, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. J
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhab-
itants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
(419)