310
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
DECBEE No. 322.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
On the 20th instant, congress shall close its ordinary sessions.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
A. de la V. y MONTES, President.
J. M. J. CARVAJAL, D. S.
J. A. TIJERINA, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given at the city of Monclova on the 20th of May, 1835.
AUGUSTIN VIESCA.
J. M. IRALA, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. j
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhab-
itants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECBEE No. 323.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree as follows:
Abt. 1. The executive shall appoint a commission of three individuals
of his confidence, and known to be qualified, to take charge of the exami-
nation of land titles that may be in dispute in what was formerly called
province of Texas, and other matters in relation to lands in the depart-
ments of Nacogdoches, Brazos and Bexar.
Abt. 2. The first appointed shall be president, and styled commissioner
general of Texas;—the second, who shall possess the necessary scientific
information, shall be the surveyor general;—and the third shall act as
secretary in the business that should be transacted The first and last,
besides possessing the necessary qualifications for performing the duties
of their office, shall be Mexicans bv birth. They shall all be responsible
with their persons and property for abuse and violation of law in the
exercise of their functions, and shall make oath before the executive
faithfully and legally to proceed in whatever relates to their trust.
ART. 3. The executive shall point out their attributes, and make such
regulations as he deems proper in accordance with the laws.
Abt. 4. They shall be paid the following salaries per annum.
The commissioner general and the surveyor fifteen hundred dollars
each.
The secretary one thousand dollars.
(420)