12
Laws, Orders and Contracts
from the city; that congress should convene, as soon as its dispersed
members could be collected; and that all parties should unconditionally
submit to whatever congress might dictate; neither to have any troops
in the city, and the necessary guards to keep order, were to be placed
under the direction of the local civil authority, until congress met. Both
parties complied with this treaty. Congress convened, and on the 29th
of March decided: 1st. That the sovereign constituent congress of the
Mexican nation was in legal session, there being one hundred and three
members present, which was a majority of the whole number, and that
its deliberations were entirely free from all military, or other forcible
restraint. 2d. That the executive power of Mexico, which had existed
since the 19th of May, 1822, up to that time, had ceased. 3d. That this
decree should be communicated to the supreme executive power, which
would be established by congress, for its publication, &c. On the 31st,
congress decreed that the executive authority of the Mexican nation
should be provisionally deposited in a body, who should be styled, the
Supreme Executive Power, and be composed of three individuals, &c.
On the same day, three persons who were to compose the executive, were
elected by congress, viz.: Nicholas Bravo, Guadalupe Victoria, and Pedro
Celestino Negrettee; and Jose Mariano Michelena, and Miguel Domin-
guez were elected supernumeraries, to fill the places of any of the others
who might be absent until their arrival. An entirely new organisation
of the different branches of the government now took place. On the
8th of April, congress decreed that the coronation of Don Augustin de
Iturbide, was an act of violence and force, and was null; and conse-
quently, that the resignation of the crown tendered by him, on the 19th
of March, could not be considered by congress, and that the hereditary
succession, and all titles emanating from said coronation, were null; and
all the acts of the last government, from the 19th May, 1822, to the 29th
May, 1823, were illegal, and subject to be revised, confirmed, or revoked
by the government now established; and finally, said decree banished
Iturbide from the Mexican territory forever; but assigned him $25,000
annually, (provided he resided in some part of Italy,) and fixed a pension
of $8,000 annually on his family after his death.
In consequence of the decree, of Sth April, Austin presented a mem-
orial to congress, together with the concession which he had obtained
from the last government on the 18th February; and petitioned congress
to confirm said concession, or dispose of it as that body might deem
proper. On the 11th April, congress passed a decree, referring said
memorial and concession to the supreme executive power, to be con-
firmed by that power, should it have no objection to said confirmation;
said decree also suspended, for the future, the law of colonisation, passed
by the Junta Instituyente, the 4th of January, 1823, until a new resolu-
tion of congress on the subject. On the 14th of April, the supreme ex-
ecutive power issued a decree, in virtue of the act of congress above-
mentioned, by which that power confirmed in full, the accession granted
to Austin by the imperial government, on the 18th of February, 1823;
and said decree was circulated by the minister of interior and exterior
relations, Don Garcia Ilueca, to the captain-general of the internal pro-
vinces; and a certified copy of it was' delivered to Austin.
Thus, after one year’s detention and exertion in Mexico, Austin, at
last, had the satisfaction of leaving there, with his business despatched
(12)