for Austin’s Colony.
13
and confirmed by all the governments which had ruled the Mexican
nation, during the said year; and as the last confirmation was by the
sovereign constitutent congress, whose members were the acknowledged
and legal representatives of the people of the nation, there could no
shadow of doubt remain, as to the legality and validity of his conces-
sion; and on the 28th day of April, he departed from the capital.
On his arrival at Monterrey, the capital of the eastern internal pro-
vinces, he presented a consultation to the commandant-general, Don
Felipe de la Garza, requesting special instructions, and copies of the
laws, for the administration of the local government of the new colony,
which was committed to his charge, in general terms, by the decree of
the supreme government of 18th February, 1823. This consultation was
transmitted by the commandant-general, to the provincial deputation of
Nueva Leon, Coahuila and Texas, then in session, in that city; who de-
creed in substance, that Austin’s authority, under the said decree of
18th of February, was full and ample, as to the administration of justice,
and of the civil local government of the colony; and the command of
the militia; and that his grade or rank as a military officer should be lieu-
tenant colonel; that he could make war on the Indian tribes, who were
hostile and molested the settlement; that he could introduce, by the
harbor of Galveston, such supplies of provisions, &c. as might be neces-
sary for the settlement in its infancy; in short, that he should preserve
good order, and govern the colony in all civil, judicial, and military
matters, according to the best of his abilities, and as justice might re-
quire, until the government was otherwise organised, and copies of laws
were furnished, rendering to the governor of Texas an account of his
acts, or of any important event that might occur, and being himself sub-
ject to him and the commander-general. The local government was thus
committed to him with the most extensive powers, but without any copies
of laws, or specific instructions whatever, for his guide; the act of the
deputation, therefore, left the matter in substance, precisely where the
decree of 18th of February had placed it.
On the 17th of July, the governor of Texas, Don Luciano Garcia, ap-
pointed the Baron de Bastrop, commissioner on the part of the govern-
ment, to survey the lands for the settlers of the new colony, and in
union with Austin, to issue titles to each one, in the name of the govern-
ment, conformably to the decree of 18th February, 1823. The said
governor, by an official act dated the 26th July, also gave the name of
“San Felipe de Austin,” to the town, which was to be laid off for the
capital of the new colony.
In August Austin arrived in the colony in company with the com-
missioner Baron de Bastrop. The settlement was nearly broken up in
consequence of his long detention in Mexico, and emigration had totally
ceased. Many of the first emigrants had returned, and a number of
those who started from the United States for this settlement, had stop-
ped on the Ayesh Bayou, and round Nacodoches, or on the Trinity; and
by this means the settlement of those sections of country was com-
menced. Such arrangements were made by the commissioner, Bastrop,
as were necessary, and he then returned to Bexar to fill his station as
a member of the deputation of Texas.
In 1824 the commissioner, Bastrop, again returned to the colony, and,
in union with Austin, issued the titles to the settlers, for the lands which
(.13)