for Austin’s Colony.
25
the friend of the settlers, I again repeat the same advice. The muni-
cipality is without a jail, a house for public use, or a place to keep the
records in; and it is also without a secretary, when it is well known
that all its official business must be transacted in Spanish, and that not
one of the municipal officers understood one word of that language.
For two years past, the business of the ayuntamiento has been done
for it, and not by it, and an excessive burden has thus been thrown upon
the liberality of others. I have before stated, that all the land records
would shortly pass from my hands to the alcalde and ayuntamiento;
perhaps I ought to be more explicit, and to state distinctly that it is,
and for some time past has been, my wish and intention to withdraw,
as soon as the welfare of the colony will permit, from every kind of pub-
lic charge, either direct or indirect. This course is rendered necessary
by the state of my health, which is perceptibly declining; and also, by
the embarrassed situation of my private affairs, which will require more
of my time and attention, than I have heretofore been able to devote to
them. These considerations may perhaps have caused too much anxiety
to see our local government placed on a more respectable and systematic
basis than it is at present; I may have wished to accelerate matters more
than the resources of the country will admit, and been too far influenced
by an excess of zeal, for what I considered to be the general welfare. My
motives, however, were good, and had no other object in view than
general utility; and I must be permitted to say that this colony is abun-
dantly able to support its local government with decency and energy;
I must also observe that the proposed tax is fully as heavy on me, in
proportion to my disposable means, as on any other person. For eight
years I have endeavored to be a faithful servant to this colony; it ought
not to be supposed that I am to be its slave for life. Owing to my exer-
tions when at the seat of government in 1827, the local government of
this municipality was placed exclusively in the hands of the people,
sooner than it otherwise would have been; and all that I now ask, is that
they will provide the necessary means of administering it, for their own
welfare.
With the most sincere wishes for the continued health and prosperity
of these settlers,
I remain their most obedient and faithful servant,
S. F. AUSTIN.
San Felipe de Austin, Nov. 1, 1829.
TRANSLATIONS.
[No. 1.] — Official Communications from Don Antonio Martinez,
Governor of Texas, to Moses Austin.
Under date of 17th January, last past, the commandant general,
and superior political chief of the eastern internal provinces writes to
me as follows:
"Having thought proper to hear the most excellent provincial de-
putations, on the representation which your lordship, (usia) directed
to me with your official letter, No. 1116, of the 26th December last,
(25)