for Austin’s Colony.
29
Aet. 12. The union of many families at one place, shall be called
a village, town or city, agreeably to the number of its inhabitants, its ex-
tension, locality, and other circumstances which may characterise it,
in conformity with the law on that subject. The same regulations for
its internal government and police, shall be observed as in the others
of the same class in the empire.
Aet. 13. Care shall be taken in the formation of said new town, that,
so far as the situation of the ground will permit, the streets shall be
laid off straight, running north and south, east and west.
Aet. 14. Provinces shall be formed, whose superfine shall be six
thousand square leagues.
Aet. 15. As soon as a sufficient number of families may be united
to form one or more towns, their local government shall be regulated,
and the constitutional ayuntamientos and other local establishments
formed in conformity with the laws.
Aet. 16. The government shall take care, in accord with the re-
spective ecclesiastical authority, that these new towns are provided with
a sufficient number of spiritual pastors, and in like manner, it will pro-
pose to congress a plan for their decent support.
Aet. 17. In the distribution of lands for settlement among the dif-
ferent provinces, the government shall take care that the colonists shall
be located in those which it may consider the most important to settle.
As a general rule, the colonists who arrive first, shall have the pref-
erence in the selection of land.
Aet. 18. Natives of the country shall have a preference in the distri-
bution of land; and particularly the military of the army, of the three
guarantees, in conformity with the decree of the 27th of March, 1821;
and also those who served in the first epoch of the insurrection.
Aet. 19. To each empresario who introduces and establishes fami-
lies in any of the provinces designated for colonisation, there shall be
granted at the rate of three haciendas and two labors, for each two
hundred families so introduced by him, but he will lose the right of
property over said lands, should he not have populated and cultivated
them in twelve years from the date of the concession. The premium
cannot exceed nine haciendas, and six labors, whatever may be the
number of familes he introduces.
Aet. 20. At-the end of twenty years the proprietors of the lands,
acquired in virtue of the foregoing article, must alienate two thirds
part of said lands, either by sale, donation, or in any other manner he
pleases. The law authorises him to hold in full property and dominion
one third-part.
Aet. 21. The two foregining articles are to be understood as gov-
erning the contracts made within six months, as after that time, count-
ing from the day of the promulgation of this law, the executive can
diminish the premium as it may deem proper, giving an account thereof
to congress, with such information as may be deemed necessary.
Aet. 22. The date of the concession for lands constitutes an invio-
lable law, for the right of property and legal ownership; should any
one through error, or by subsequent concession, occupy land belonging
to another, he shall have no right to it, further than a preference in case
of sale, at the current price.
(29)