30
Laws, Orders and Contracts
Art. 23. If after two years from the date of the concession, the colo-
nist should not have cultivated- his land, the right of property shall be
considered as renounced; in which case, the respective ayuntamiento
can grant it to another.
Art. 24. During the first six years from the date of the concession,
the colonists shall not pay titles, duties on their produce, nor any con-
tribution under whatever name it may be called.
Art. 25. The next six years from the same date, they shall pay half
tithes, and the half of the contributions, whether direct or indirect, that
are paid by the other citizens of the empire. After this time, they shall
in all things relating to taxes and contributions, be placed on the same
footing with the other citizens.
Art. 26. All the instruments of husbandry, machinery, and other
utensils, that are introduced by the colonists for their use, at the time
of their coming to the empire, shall be free, as also the merchandise
introduced by each family, to the amount of two thousand dollars.
Art. 27. All foreigners who come to establish themselves in the em-
pire, shall be considered as naturalised, should they exercise any useful
profession or industry, by which, at the end of three years, they, have a
capital to support themselves with decency, and are married. Those
who with the foregoing qualifications, marry Mexicans, will acquire par-
ticular merit, for the obtaining letters of citizenship.
Art. 28. Congress will grant letters of citizenship to those who
solicit them, in conformity with the constitution of the empire.
Art, 29. Every individual shall be free to leave the empire, and can
alienate the lands over which he may have acquired the right of prop-
erty, agreeably to the tenor of this law, and he can likewise take away
from the country, all his property, by paying the duties established by
law.
Art. 30. After the publication of this law, there can be no sale or
purchase of slaves which may be introduced into the empire. The chil-
dren of slaves born in the empire, shall be free at fourteen years of age.
Art. 31. All foreigners who may have established themselves in any
of the provinces of the empire, under a permission of the former govern-
ment, will remain on the lands which they may have occupied, being
governed by the tenor of this law, in the distribution of said lands.
Art. 32. The executive, as it may conceive necessary, will sell er
lease the lands, which, on account of their local situation, may be the
most important, being governed with respect to all others, by the pro-
visions of this law.
This law shall be presented to his Imperial Majesty for his sanction,
publication and fulfilment.—Mexico, 3d January, 1823—3d of the inde-
pendence of the empire.—Juan Francisco, Bishop of Durango, Presi-
dent.—Antonio de Mier, Member and Secretary.—Juan Batista de
Arispe, Member and Secretary.
Therefore, we order all tribunals, judges, chiefs, governors, and all
other authorities, as well civil as military and ecclesiastical, whatever
class or dignity they may be, to comply with this decree, and cause it
to be complied with in all its parts; and you will cause it to be printed,
published and circulated.—Given in Mexico, 4th January. 1823.—
Signed by the Emperor.—To Don Jose Manuel de Herrera, Minister of
Interior and Exterior Relations.
(30)