for Austin’s Colony.
31
[No. 8.]
f Decree of the Emperor.f
Alexico, February 18, 1823.
Having rendered an account to his majesty of the subject, on which
the council has given the foregoing opinion, he has thought proper to
resolve, in conformity therewith; and consequently declares, in the first
place, that Austin was not officially authorised to stipulate with the emi-
grants what quantity of land they should receive in the new settlement,
and therefore they are subject to the regulations of the government,
.agreeably to the law on that point; and consequently in virtue of said
law, there shall be granted to each head of a family, one labor or one
league, agreeably to the occupation which he may profess; offering to
augment the quantity of land, for all those who may have a numerous
family, or who may merit such augmentation, by the establishment of
a new species of industry, or by the perfection of those already known,
or by other circumstances, which may be useful to the province, or to
the empire, it being understood, that to the colonist, who besides farm-
ing also dedicates himself to the raising of stock, there may be granted
a league and a labor, in conformity with the 8th article of said law. As
respects the designation of boundaries for the new establishment, with
the limits described by Austin in his memorial, it is declared to be in-
admissible, for the reasons given by the council.
In the second place, Austin is authorised, in union with the governor
of Texas, or a commissioner appointed by the latter, to proceed to divide
and designate land, and put each of the new colonists in possession of the
quantity above indicated, and issue to them the titles in the name of the
government. A certified copy of which shall be transmitted to the gov-
ernor, for the purpose connected with the subject.
In the third place, all the families over and above the said three hun-
dred, who come to settle in Texas, must establish themselves in the inte-
rior of the province, adjacent to the ancient settlements, in the manner
prescribed by the colonisation law.
In the fourth place, and conformity with the said colonisation law,
there is granted to Austin, for the expenses which he has been at, a
quantity of land in proportion to his families, agreeably to the provisions
of the 19th article of said law, and under the conditions contained in
said article.
In the fifth place, Austin is authorised to proceed in conformity with
said law, to form a town, with the families who have emigrated, or may
emigrate, to the number of the three hundred of the permission, at the
most suitable place in the section of country which they at present occu-
py, taking care that it shall be as central as possible, to the lands distrib-
uted to the colonists, who must accredit that they are Roman apostolic
catholics, and of steady habits. It being understood that the governor of
Texas, or his commissioner, in union with Austin, can designate the place,
and measure out the land for the establishment of said town; selling the
building lots, at the price to be regulated by appraisers, the other par-
ticulars embraced under this head, which were petitioned for by Austin,
are granted; the governor of Texas is required to give information, of
whatever may be necessary for the regulation of the government of said
(31)