for Austin’s Colony.
33
[No. 12.] Decree of the Sufreme Executive Power.
Mexico, lAth, April, 1823.
Having seen the new representation of Stephen F. Austin, praying
for a confirmation of the concession granted to him by the late govern-
ment, by its decree of 18th February last, relative to colonisation in the
province of Texas; and finding it to be in conformity with the law passed
on the subject, by the Junta national instituyente; the supreme execu-
tive power have thought proper to confirm the said concession, and order
that the corresponding title should be given to the interested person, and
that the resolution should be communicated to the commandant general
of the internal provinces, and to the governor of the province of Texas,
for their information and the corresponding effects. ■
JOSE IGNACIO GAECIA ILLUECA,
Minister of Relations..
No. 14.
Commission of the Baron de Bashoj.
San Fernando de Bexar, IGth July, 1823.
Inasmuch as the more important attentions of government prevent
my executing, in person, the various duties connected with the colonial
establishment forming by Stephen F. Austin, and using the power grant-
ed to me by the laws, and in obedience to the decree of the commandant
general of these provinces, brigadier Don Felipe de la Garza, dated 16th
June last past, I have thought proper to appoint, and by these presents,
do appoint the second alcalde of this city, the Baron de Bastrop, com-
missioner, giving to him all legal powers, to proceed to the district of the
Colorado and the Brazos, to ■ organise that establishment, in conformity
with the decrees on the subject, and such instructions as I may communi-
cate:—a certified copy of which is herewith delivered to him, in order
that in continuation he may proceed to discharge the duties which may
be necessary, transmitting a statement of his proceedings when they are
finished, to this government, for the purposes which may be necessary.
Thus, I, Luciano Garcia, lieutenant colonel of cavalry of New San-
tender, and governor pro tem., of this province, order and command,
signing the present with assisting witnesses, for the want of a notary
public, as the law requires; to which I give faith.
LUCIANO GARCIA.
Assisting witnesses.—Jose Antonio Saucedo, and Ilario de la Garza.,
Official letter from Governor Garcia, to S. F. Austin, on the same
subject.
As the more important attentions of the government, prevent my
going on personally to organise the colonial establishment, forming by
you in this province, I have thought proper to commission, with all
necessary powers, the second alcalde of this city, Baron de Bastrop, who
has been selected on account of his well known and superior qualifica-
tions, in order that in conformity with the decrees on the subject, and
3—VOL. 1.
(33)