for Austin’s Colony.
35
“I transmit to you the documents relative to the colonial establish-
ment, which Don Stephen F. Austin is permitted to form in that prov-
ince, in order that, on your part, you give due compliance to the decree
of the last government, dated 18th February last past, resanctioned by
the present government on the 14th April, and by me under this date.
You will use all possible efforts to complete the organisation of said
establishment; charging the commissioner who may be appointed by you
to be expeditious in concluding his duties, and that he make frequent
reports of his progress, in order that you may do the same to me, and on
its conclusion you will inform me thereof.”
“And I transcribe it to you for your information, and that in virtue
of the commission which I have conferred upon you, by- my decree of
this date, you will proceed in company with said Austin to organise the
colonial establishment which the government has granted to him in this
province, for three hundred Louisiana families. You will be governed
in all things by the decrees and orders contained in the certified copy of
them, which I have delivered to you, and by such other instructions as
it may be necessary to communicate to you until said establishment is
organised, and ayuntamientos are established at the places where they
may be necessary. The said Don Stephen F. Austin is authorised by the
government to administer justice in that district, and to form a regiment
of national militia, over which, for the present, he must be the chief,
with the rank of lieutenant colonel; all of which you will make known
to the inhabitants of said district, in order that they may recognise the
said Austin, invested with said powers, and obey whatever he may order
relative to the public service of the country, the preservation of good
order, and the defence of the nation to which they belong.”
And I transcribe it to you for your information, and strict compliance
on your part; notifying you, that on Saturday, the 9th instant, you will
collect as many of the inhabitants of the district under your charge as
you can, at the house of Sylvenus Castleman, that I may communicate
to them the superior orders with which I am charged, and that said Don
Stephen F. Austin may be recognised by the civil and military authori-
ties dependent on him, and by the new colonists who are under his
charge.—God- preserve vou manv vears.—At Castleman’s, August Sth,
1823.	"	EL BARON DE BASTROP.
[No. 17.]	Official Letter from Jose Antonio Saucedo, -political chief
of Texas, to Austin.
Under this date I have transmitted to the alcaldes of the Colorado
and Brazos, the following order:—
“The Baron de Bastrop, the commissioner of this government, pro-
ceeds to that district, to put the inhabitants established in it in posses-
sion of their lands agreeably to law, and to issue to them the correspond-
ing titles for their security, so soon as they pay the fees established by
the fee bill, which I circulated when I was at that point; which I com-
municate to you for your information, and in order that there may be
no delay in the organisation of that establishment, you will notify all
the inhabitants who wish to settle in it that they must positively as-
(35)