for Austin’s Colony.
39
property of individuals, corporations, or towns which can be colonised.
Art. 3. For this purpose the legislatures of all the states will, as soon
as possible, form colonisation laws, or regulations for their respective
states, conforming themselves in all things, to the constitutional act,
general constitution, and the regulations established in this law.
Art. 4. There cannot be colonised any lands, comprehended within
twenty leagues of the limits of any foreign nation, nor within ten leagues
of the coasts, without the previous approbation of the general supreme
executive power.
Art. 5. If for the defence and security of the nation, the federal gov-
ernment should deem it necessary to use any portion of these lands, for
the construction of warehouses, arsenals, or other public edifices, they
can do so, with the approbation of the general congress, or in its recess,
of the council of government.
Art. 6. Until after four years from the publication of this law, there
shall not be imposed any tax whatever, on the entrance of foreigners,
who come to establish themselves for the first time in the nation.
Art. 7. Until after the year 1840, the general congress shall not
prohibit the entrance of any foreigner, as a colonist, unless imperious
circumstances should require it, with respect to the individuals of a
particular nation.
Art. 8. The government, without prejudicing the objects of this
law, shall take such precautionary measures as it may deem expedient,
for the' security of the confederation, as respects the foreigners who come
to colonise.
Art. 9. A preference shall be given in the distribution of lands, to
Mexican citizens, and no other distinction shall be made in regard to
them except that which is founded on individual merit, or services ren-
dered the country, or under equal circumstances, a residence in the
place where the lands to be distributed are situated.
Art. 10. The military who in virtue of the offer made on the 27th
March, 1821, have a right to lands, shall be attended to by the states,
in conformity with the diplomas which are issued to that effect, by the
supreme executive power.
Art. 11. If in virtue of the decree alluded to, in the last article, and
taking into view the probabilities of life, the supreme executive power
should deem it expedient to alienate any portion of land in favor of any
officer, whether civil or military of the federation, it can do so from the
vacant lands of the territories.
Art. 12. It shall not be permitted to unite in the same hands with
the right of property, more than one league square of land, suitable for
irrigation, four square leagues in superficies, of arable land without the
facilities of irrigation, and six square leagues in superficies of grazing
land.
Art. 13. The new colonists shall not transfer their property in mort-
main (manus muertosi)
ART. 14. This law guarantees the contracts which the empresarios
make with the families which they bring at their own expense, provided
they are not contrary to the laws.
Art. 15. No person who by virtue of this law, acquires a title to
lands, shall hold them if he is domiciliated out of the limits of the re-
public.
(39 )