40
Laws, Orders and Contracts
Art. 16. The government in conformity with the provisions estab-
lished in this law, will proceed to colonise the territories of the republic.
Mexico, 18th August, 1824.
CAYETANO IBARRA, President.
PEDRO DE AHUMADA, Member and Secretary.
MANUEL DE VILLAY COCIO, Member and Secretary.
Therefore, we command it to be printed, circulated, and obeyed.
NICHOLAS BRAVO, ) Members of the
VICENTE GUERRERO, > Supreme Execu-
MIGUEL DOMINGUEZ, tive Power.
, [No. 21.] Colonisation law of the state of Coahuila and Texas.
The Governor provisionally appointed by the Sovereign Congress of
this state; to all who shall see these presents: Know, that the said
congress, have decreed as follows:
Decree No. 16. The constituent congress of the free, independent and
sovereign state of Coahuila and Texas, desiring by every possible
means, to augment the population of its territory; promote the culti-
vation of its fertile lands; the raising and multiplication of stock, and
the progress of the arts, and commerce; and being governed by the
constitutional act, the federal constitution, and the basis established
by the national decree of the general congress. No. 72, have thought
proper to decree the following LAW on colonisation:
Art. 1. All foreigners, who in virtue of the general laws of the 18th
August, 1824, which guarantees the security of their persons and prop-
erty, in the territory of the Mexican nation, wish to remove to any of
the settements of the state of Coahuila and Texas, are at liberty to do
so; and the said state invites and calls them.
Art. 2. Those who do so instead of being incommoded, shall be ad-
mitted by the local authorities of said settlements, who shall freely per-
mit them to pursue any branch of industry, that they may think proper,
provided they respect the general laws of the nation, and those of the
state.
ART. 3. Any foreigner, already in the limits of the state of Coahuila
and Texas, who wishes to settle himself in it, shall make a declara-
tion to that effect, before the ayuntamiento of the place, which he
selects as his residence, the ayuntamiento in such case, shall admin-
ister to him the oath, which he must take to obey the federal and state
constitutions, and observe the religion which the former prescribes; the
name of the person, and his family if he has any, shall then be registered
in a book kept for that purpose, with a statement of where he was born,
and whence from, his age, whether married, occupation, and that he has
taken the oath prescribed, and considering him from that time, and not
before, as domiciliated.
Art. 4. From the day in which any -foreigner has been enrolled,
as an inhabitant, in conformity with the foregoing article, he is at lib-
erty to designate any vacant land, and the respective political authority
will grant it to him in the same manner as to a native of the country, in
conformity with the existing laws of the nation, under the condition
(40)