42
Laws, Orders and Contracts
ART. 12. Taking the above unity as a basis, and ‘observing the dis-
tinction which must be made between grazing land, or that which is
proper for raising of stock, and farming land, with or without the facility
of irrigation; this law grants to the contractor or contractors, for the
establishment of a new settlement, for each hundred families which he
may introduce and establish in the state, five sitios of grazing land, and
five labors at least, the one half of which, .shall be without the facility
of irrigation, but they can only receive this premium for eight hundred
families, although a greater number should be introduced, and no frac-
tion whatever, less than one hundred, shall entitle them to any premium,
not even proportionally.
ART. 13. Should any contractor or contractors in virtue of the num-
ber of families which he may. have introduced, acquire in conformity
with the last article, more than eleven square leagues of land, it shall
nevertheless be granted, but subject to the condition of alienating the
excess, within twelve years, and if it is not done, the respective political
authority shall do it, by selling it at public sale, delivering the proceeds
to the owners, after deducting the costs of sale.
Art. 14. To each family comprehended in a contract, whose sole
occupation is cultivation of land, one labor shall be given;. should he
also be a stock raiser, grazing land shall be added to complete a sitio;
and should his only occupation be raising of stock, he shall only receive
a superfice of grazing land, equal to twenty-four million square bars.
Art. 15. Unmarried men shall receive the same quantity when they
enter the matrimonial state, and foreigners who marry native Mexicans,
shall receive one-fourth more; those who are entirely single, or who do
not form a part of some family whether foreigners or natives, shall con-
tent themselves with the fourth part of the above mentioned quantity,
which is all that can be given them until they marry.
Art. 16. Families or unmarried men who, entirely of their own
accord, have emigrated and may wish to unite themselves to any new
towns, can at all times do so, and the same quantity of land shall be
assigned them, which is mentioned in the last two articles, but if they
do so in the first' six years from the ’ establishment of the settlement, one
labor more shall be given to families, and single men in place of the
quarter designated in the 15th article, shall have the third part.
Art. 17. It appertains to the government to augment the quantity
indicated in the 14, 15, and 16th articles, in proportion to the family,
industry and activity of the colonists, agreeably to the information given
on these subjects by the ayuntamientos and commissioners; the said gov-
ernment always observing the provision of the 12th article, of the decree
of the general congress on the subject.
Art. 18. The families who emigrate in conformity with the 16th
article shall immediately present themselves to the political authority
of the place which they may have chosen for their residence, who finding
in them the requsites, prescribed by this law for new settlers, shall admit
them, and put them in possession of the corresponding lands, and shall
immediately give an account thereof to the government; who of them-
selves, or by means of a person commissioned to that effect, will issue
them a title.
Art. 19. The Indians of all nations, bordering on the state, as well
as wandering tribes that may be within its limits, shall be received in
(42)