44
Laws, Orders and Contracts
shall be one hundred dollars, if it be pasture land; one hundred and
fifty dollars, if it be farming land without the facility of irrigation; and
two hundred dollars if it can be irrigated.
Abt. 25. Until six years after the publication of this law, the legis-
lature of this state, can not alter it as regards the acknowledgment, and
price to be paid for land, or as regards the quantity and quality, to be
distributed to the new settlers, or sold to Mexicans.
Abt. 26. The new settlers, who within six years from the date of the
possession, have not cultivated or occupied the lands granted them, ac-
cording to its quality, shall be considered to have renounced them, and
the respective political authority shall immediately proceed to take pos-
session of them, and recall the titles.
Abt. 27. The contractors and military, heretofore spoken of, and
those who by purchase have acquired lands, can alienate them at any
time, but the successor is obliged to cultivate them in the same time,
that the original proprietor was bound to do; the other settlers can
alienate theirs when they have totally cultivated them, and not before.
Abt. 28. By testamentary will, made in conformity with the existing
laws, or those which may govern in future, any new colonist, from the
day of his settlement, may dispose of his land, although he may not have
cultivated it, and if he dies intestate, his property shall be inherited by
the person or persons entitled by the laws to it; the heirs being subject
to the same obligation and condition imposed on the original grantee.
Abt. 29. Lands acquired by virtue of this law, shall not by any title
whatever, pass into mortmain.
. Abt. 30. The new settler who wishing to establish himself in a for-
eign country, resolves to leave the territory of the state, can do so freely
with all his property; but after leaving the state, he shall not any longer
hold his land, and if he had not previously sold it, or the sale should not
be in conformity with the 27th article, it shall become entirely vacant.
Abt. 31. Foreigners who in conformity with this law, have obtained
land, and established themselves in any new settlement, shall be con-
sidered from that moment, naturalised in the country; and by marrying
a Mexican, they acquire a particular merit to obtain letters of citizenship
of the state, subject however to the provisions which may be made rela-
tive to both particulars, in the constitution of the state.
Abt. 32. During the first ten years, counting from the day on which
the new settlements may have been established, they shall be free from
all contributions, of whatever denomination, with the exception of those
which, in case of invasion by any enemy, or to prevent it, are generally
imposed, and all the produce of agriculture or industry of the new set-
tlers, shall be free from excise duty Alcabala, or other duties, throughout
every part of the state, with the exception of the duties referred to in the
next article; after the termination of that time, the new settlements shall
be on the same footing as to taxes, with the old ones, and the colonists
shall also in this particular, be on the same footing with the other in-
habitants of the state.
Abt. 33. From the day of their settlement, the new colonists shall
be at liberty to follow any branch of industry, and can also work
mines of every description, communicating with the supreme govern-
ment of the confederation, relative to the general revenue appertaining
(44 )