48
Laws, Orders and Contracts
sentation, the vacant land within the limits of the colony which you have
already established, excepting only the ten border leagues on the coast,
which can only be colonised with the previous approbation of the su-
preme executive power of the nation, in conformity with the law of the
18th August, 1824.
Art. 2. You shall respect the possessions given to individuals, who
occupy the lands within your limits, under legal titles.
Art. 3. In conformity with the said colonisation law of the 24th
March, the empresario, citizen Stephen F. Austin, shall introduce the
three hundred families which he proposes, within the term of six years,
counting from the day on which the said empresario signs this contract,
under the penalty of losing the rights and privileges granted to him by
the eighth article of said law.
Art. 4. The families that are to compose this colony, besides being
industrious as offered in the representation, must also be catholics, and
of good moral habits, which qualifications must be proved by the docu-
ments, required in the 5th article of the colonisation law, of the 24th
March.
Art. 5. It shall be an obligation upon him, not to admit criminals,
vagabonds, or men of bad conduct, and he shall cause all those of this
description, who are found within his limits to leave it, and should it be
necessary, he shall put them out by force of arms.
Art. 6. Tor this purpose the colonists shall be formed into a body
of national militia, of which he shall be the chief, until otherwise di-
rected.
Art. 7. So soon as he shall have introduced at least one hundred
families, he shall notify the government thereof, in order that a com-
missioner may be sent with competent instructions to put new colonists
in possession of their lands, and to establish the new towns agreeably
to law. '
Art. 8. The official communications with the-government, and with
the authorities of the state, instruments, and other public acts, must be
written in the Spanish language, and when new towns are formed he
/shall promote the establishment of schools in the Spanish language, in
such towns.
Art. 9. It shall also be his duty to promote the building of churches
in said towns, and the providing of them with ornaments, sacred vases
and other furniture, destined for divine- worship, and to solicit in due-
time the necessary number of priests for the administration of spiritual
affairs.
Art. 10. In all other particulars not expressed in the above stipula-
tions, he shall subject himself to the colonisation law, and other general
laws.
Art. 11. The foregoing are the conditions or stipulations on which
this government admits the new project of colonisation, proposed by
you in your aforementioned official representation, and should they be
accepted by you, you will so declare under your signature at the end of
this instrument, which you will then return to me, to be filed in the
archives of this government, and a certified copy thereof, and of your
official representation attested by the secretary of state, shall be im-
mediately transmitted to you for your security in order that you may
(48)