50
Laws, Orders and Contracts
[No. 24.]
Limits of the above mentioned Colony.
Executive Department of the State of Coahuila and Texas.
Taking into consideration the representation of citizen Stephen F.
Austin, an empresario of the department of Texas, for the colonisation
of five hundred families on unappropriated lands of the state, asking a
specific demarcation of limits within which the said families are to be
settled; in order to avoid at all times any kind of doubts, or disputes
between adjoining empresarios, or the respective colonists, situated
near the same limits, and keeping in view the concessions granted by
this government to the empresarios Green De Wit, Robert Leftwitch,
and John Lucius Woodbury, which are situated on the west, north and
east of the colony, of said citizen, Stephen F. Austin; I have thought
proper to add as an additional article to the contract on colonisation,
concluded the 4th of June, 1835, the following permanent demarcation
of limits for the before mentioned colony.
Commencing on the west bank of the river San Jacinto, at the termi-
nation of the ten league reserve, from the gulf of Mexico and thence
following up the right bank of said river to its head, thence due north,
to the road leading from Bexar to Nacogdoches; thence follow-
lowing said road westwardly, to a point from whence a line due south
will strike the La Baca to within ten leagues of the Gulf of Mexico,
and thence eastwardly along the said ten league line parallel with the
coast, to the place of beginning.
This order and the petition of said Austin on the subject, shall he
added to the documents relative to said colony of five hundred fami-
lies, and it shall also be communicated to said empresario, and all others
who may be interested, for their information.
And I communicate it to you, and under this date have also com-
municated it to the commissioners of that colony, for the corresponding
effects. God and Liberty. Saltillo, 7th March, 1827.
ARISPE, Governor of the State.
To Citizen STEPHEN F. Austin. '
JUAN ANTONIO PADILLA,
Secretary of State.
[No. 25.] (Commission of Gaspar Flores, for the second colony.)
Executive Department, of the State of Coahuila and Texas.
Convinced of your honor, integrity, and other necessary qualifications,
I have thought it proper to appoint you commissioner for the partition
of lands, to the new colonists, in the contract of colonisation, of citizen
Stephen F. Austin, with the government of this state; which I com-
municate to you, for your information, with the understanding that I
will transmit to you the instructions, and other documents, by which
(50)