52
Laws, Orders and Contracts
copy of said contract; which I herewith have the honor of transmitting
to your excellency for the better elucidation of this subject.
This government in forwarding the above mentioned petition to
your excellency, in compliance with the 7th article of the colonisation
law of this state of the 24th of March, 1825, has the satisfaction of in-
forming your excellency, that it can discover no objections whatever to
the approval of said petition by the supreme government of the nation,
but on the contrary it is of opinion that great benefits will result from
said establishment; and that commerce, in the products of the new col-
onists, will flourish in consequence of the settlement of those lands, and
the opening of the ports of Brazos, Colorado and La Baca.
As regards the merits of the said empresario, I can assure your ex-
cellency, that besides being the first who introduced the first families in
Texas, when the country was an entire wilderness, and being a citizen of
this nation, by a special letter of citizenship, he has proved by his con-
duct and adhesion to the established government, that he merits the
highest confidence. God and liberty. Saltillo, 17th July, 1826.
VICTOR BLANCO,
To his Excellency, the Minister of
Interior and Exterior Relations.
JUAN ANTONIO PADILLA,
Secretary of State.
Approbation of the President.
Most Excellent Sir:—Having rendered an account to his excellency,
the president, of the petition of citizen Stephen E. Austin, empresario
of the colony of this name, on the Brazos and Colorado Rivers of Texas,
asking permission to colonise ten border leagues on the Gulf of Mexico,
between the La Baca and San Jacinto; the president has thought proper,
in conformity with your opinion of the 17th July, 1826, which accom-
panied said petition, to approve of the concession of the lands which the
interested person has petitioned for, under the condition of subjecting
himself, in all things relative to said new colony, to the law on the sub-
ject of the 18th August, 1824.
Which I communicate to your excellency by order of the president,
for the corresponding effects. God and liberty. Mexico, 22d April, 1828.
CANEDO.
To his Excellency the Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas.
Representation of S. F. Austin to the Governor of the State.
Citizen Stephen E. Austin, with due respect, represents that his excel-
lency the president of the United Mexican States, having granted me per-
mission to colonise the ten border leagues on the coast, between La Baca
and San Jacinto, as appears by the official letter of the minister of rela-
tions dated 22d April last; and as I am ready to commence the enterprise
so soon as I receive the competent authority from the government of the
state of Coahuila and Texas; I therefore solicit your excellency to au-
(52)