for Austin’s Colony.
53
thorise me, in conformity with the law on the subject, to colonise the
land comprehended within the before mentioned limits, and to survey
and divide out said lands, to the colonists, in the portions prescribed by
law, and to issue to them their titles of possession and property, in the
name of the government of this state, giving to me the term of six years
to complete said enterprise, the colonists paying the expenses of the sur-
veying, titles, and possessions, according to the provisions of the law; I
also ask authority to select and take for my own proper use, benefit and
property, the quantity of five leagues and five labors, which I am entitled
to as empresario agreeably to law, for each one hundred colonists, which
I establish within said limits, governing myself in all things by the gen-
eral law of colonisation of 18th August, 1824, and the state law of the
24th March, 1825: and for my security I petition that your excellency
will be pleased to transmit to me an attested copy in due form, of the
said official letter of his excellency, the minister of relations, of 22d April
last, and of this petition, and of the authority which your excellency may
think proper to give me on this subject. Town of Austin, 2d June, 1828.
STEPHEN F. AUSTIN.
Contract between the Government of the state and Austin; and af-
pointment of the latter as commissioner.
In the city of Leona Vicario (Saltillo) this ninth day of July 1828,
His Excellency the governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, having
examined the foregoing petition of citizen Stephen F. Austin, and the
accompanying documents relative to the colonisation of the border lands,
situated on the coast of the Gulf of Mexico, from the La Baca to the San
Jacinto, and taking into consideration the merits and qualifications of
said citizen Stephen F. Austin, has thought proper to declare on said
petition and documents, the resolution contained in the following arti-
cles and conditions.
Art. 1. In virtue of the approbation of the supreme government
of the nation, dated 22d April, of the present year, which forms a part
of the documents in this matter; the government of this state admits the
project of colonisation, presented by said empresario, so far as it is
conformable to the general law of the 18th August, 1824, and the law of
the state, pf the 24th March, 1825, both of them on the subject of colo-
nisation, and I hereby designate in compliance with the 8th article of
the said state law, the territory which he solicits, under the following
boundaries: beginning at the mouth of the La Baca on its left bank,
thence following along the coast of the Gulf of Mexico to the point where
the San Jacinto river discharges into Galveston Bay; thence following
up the left hank of the San Jacinto river ten leagues in a straight line,
thence westwardly parallel with the coast to a point on the La Baca,
ten leagues in a straight line above its mouth, thence following down
the left bank of said La Baca to its mouth, at the place, of beginning.
Art. 2. All possesions under legal titles which may be found within
the territory, designated in the preceding article, shall be respected by
the new colonists, and the said empresario is hereby charged with the
fulfilment of this duty.
(53)