for Austin’s Colony.
57
specifying the number of colonists, with their names, and the quantity
of land granted to each one, distinguishing that which is farming land
with or without the facilities of irrigation, and that which is granted
as grazing land.
Art. 11. He shall select the site which may be the most suitable for
the establishment of the town or towns, which are to be founded agree-
ably to the number of families composing the colony, and keeping in
view the provisions of the law of colonisation on this subject.
Art. 12. After selecting the site destined for the new town, he shall
take care that the base lines run north and south, east and west; and
he will designate a public square one hundred and twenty varas on each
side, exclusive of the streets, which shall be called the principal, or con-
stitutional square, and this shall be the central point from which the
streets shall run, for the formation of squares and blocks in conformity
with the model hereto annexed.
Art. 13. The block situated on the east side- of the principal square
shall be destined for the church, curate’s house, and other ecclesiastical
buildings. The block on the west side of said square shall be desig-
nated for public buildings of the municipality. In some other suitable
situation a block shall be designated for a market square, another for
a jail and house of correction, another for a school and other edifices
for public instruction, and another beyond the limits of the town for
a burial ground.'
Art. 14. He shall, on his responsibility, cause the streets to be laid
off straight, and that they are twenty varas wide, to promote the health
of the town.
Art. 15. Mechanics, who at the time of founding a new town, pre-
sent themselves to settle in it, shall have the right of receiving one lot
a piece without any other cost than the necessary stamp paper for issu-
ing the title, and the light tax of one dollar annually for the construction
of the church.
Art. 16. The lots spoken of in the preceding article shall be dis-
tributed by lot, with the exception of the empr-esario, who shall be en-
titled to any two lots he may select.
Art. 17. The other lots shall be valued by appraisers according to
their situation, and sold to the other colonists at their appraised value.
In case there should be a number of applicants for the same lot, owing
to its situation or other circumstances, which may excite competition,
it shall be decided by lot as prescribed in the preceding article; the
product of said lots shall be appropriated to the building of a church
in said town.
Art. 18. He shall, in union with the empersario, promote the set-
tlement of each town by the inhabitants belonging to its jurisdiction,
who take lots in it, and cause them to construct houses on said lots
within a limited time under the penalty of forfeiting them.
Art. 19. He shall form a manuscript book of each new town, in
which shall be written the titles of the lots which are given as a dona-
tion, or sold, specifying their boundaries and other necessary circum-
stances, a certified copy of each one of which on the corresponding
stamp shall be delivered to the interested person as his title.
Art. 20. He shall form a topographical plan of each town that may
(57)