12
Constitution of the Republic of Texas.
shall have fully acquitted himself of all responsibility, and shall
produce the proper officer’s receipt thereof. Members of either
house may protest against any act or resolution, and may have
such protest entered on the journals of their respective houses.
Sec. 25. No money shall be drawn from the public treasury
but in strict accordance with appropriations made by law; and no
appropriations shall be made for private or local purposes, unless
tiro thirds of each house concur in such appropriations.
Sec. 26. Every act of congress shall be approved and signed by
the president before it becomes a law; but if the president will not
approve and sign such act, he shall return it to the house in which
it shall have originated, with his reasons for not approving the
same, which shall be spread upon the journals of such house, and
the bill shall then be reconsidered, and shall not become a law un-
less it shall then pass by a vote of two thirds of both houses. If
any act shall be disapproved by the president, the vote on the re-
consideration shall be recorded by ayes and noes. If the president
shall fail to return a bill within five days (Sundays excepted) after
it shall have been presented for his approval and signature, the
same shall become a law, unless the congress prevent its return
within the time above specified by adjournment.
Sec. 27. All bills, acts, orders, or resolutions, to which the con-
currence of both houses may be necessary, (motions or resolutions
for adjournment excepted,) shall be approved and signed by the
president, or being disapproved, shall be passed by two thirds of
both houses, in manner and form as specified in section twenty.
ARTICLE II.
Sec. 1. Congress shall have power to levy and collect taxes and
imposts, excise and tonage duties: to borrow money on the faith,
credit, and. property of the government, to pay the debts and to
provide for the common defence and general welfare of the re-
public.
Sec. 2. To regulate commerce, to coin money, to regulate the
value thereof and of foreign coin, to fix the standard of weights
and measures, but nothing but gold and silver shall be made a
lawful tender.
Sec. 3. To establish post offices and post roads, to grant charters
of incorporation, patents and copy rights, and secure to the authors
and inventors the exclusive use thereof for a limited time.
(1072 )