Constitution of the Republic of Texas.
13
Sec. 4. To declare war, grant letters of marque and reprisal,
and to regulate captures.
Sec. 5. To provide and maintain an army and navy, and to make
all laws and regulations necessary for their government.
Sec. 6. To .call out the militia to execute the law, to suppress
insurrections, and repel invasion.
Sec. 7. To make all laws which shall be deemed necessary and
proper to carry into effect the foregoing express grants of power,
and all other powers vested in the government of the republic, or in
any officer or department thereof.
ARTICLE III.
Sec. 1. The executive authority of the government shall be
vested in a chief magistrate, who shall be styled the president of
the republic of Texas.
Sec. 2. The first president elected by the people shall hold his
office for the term of two years, and shall be ineligible during the
next succeeding term; and all subsequent presidents shall be elected
for three years, and be alike ineligible; and in the event of a tie,
the house of representatives shall determine between the two high-
est candidates by a vive voce vote.
Sec. 3. The returns of the elections for president and vice pres-
ident shall be sealed up and transmitted to the speaker of the
house of representatives, by the holders of elections of each county;
and the speaker of the house of representatives shall open and pub-
lish the returns in presence of a majority of each house of congress.
ARTICLE IV.
Sec. 1. The judicial powers, of the government shall be vested
in one supreme court, and such inferior courts as the congress may,
from time to time, ordain and establish. The judges of the supreme
and inferior courts shall hold their offices for four years, be eligible
to re-election, and shall, at stated periods, receive for their ser-
vices a compensation, not to be increased or diminished during the
period for which they were elected.
Sec. 2. The republic of Texas shall be divided into convenient
judicial districts, not less than three, nor more than eight. There
shall be appointed for each district a judge, who shall reside in the
same, and hold the courts at such times and places as congress may
by law direct.
Sec. 3. In all admiralty and maritime cases, in all cases affecting
ambassadors, public ministers or consuls, and in all capital cases,
the district courts shall have exclusive original jurisdiction, and
orignal jurisidiction in all civil cases when the matter in contro-
versy amounts to one hundred dollars.
68 — VOL. i.
( 1073 )