14
Constitiition of the Republic of Texas.
Sec. 4. The judges, by virtue of their offices, shall be conserva-
tors of the peace, throughout the republic. The style of all pro-
cess shall be, “the republic of Texas;" and all prosecutions shall be
carried on in the name and by the authority of the same, and con-
clude, “against the peace and dignity of the republic.”
Sec. 5. There shall be a district attorney appointed for each dis-
trict, whose duties, salaries, perquisites, and term of service shall be
fixed by law.
Sec. 6. The clerks of the district courts shall be elected by the
qualified voters for members of congress, in the counties where
the courts are established, and shall hold their offices for four years,
subject to removal by presentment of a grand jury, and conviction
of a petit jury.
Sec. 7. The supreme court shall consist of a chief justice and as-
sociate judges; the district judges shall compose the associate
judges, a majority of whom, with the chief justice, shall constitute
a quorum.
Sec. 8. The supreme court shall have appellate jurisidiction
only, which shall be conclusive, within the limits of the republic;
and shall hold its sessions annually, at such times and places as
may be fixed by law: Provided, that no judge shall sit in a case
in the supreme court tried by him in the court below.
Sec. 9. The judges of the supreme and district courts shall be
elected by joint ballot of both houses of congress.
Sec. 10. There shall be in each county a county court, and such
justices’ courts as the congress may, from time to time, establish.
Sec. 11. The republic shall be divided into convenient counties,
but no new county shall be established, unless it be done on the
petition of- one hundred free male inhabitants of the territory
■sought to be laid of and established; and unless the said territory
shall contain nine hundred square miles.
Sec. 13. There shall be appointed for each county, a conven-
ient number of justices of the peace, one sheriff, one coroner, and
a sufficient number of constables, who shall hold their offices for
two years, to be elected by the qualified voters of the district or
county, as congress may direct. Justices of the peace and sheriffs
shall be commissioned by the president.
Sec. 13. ■ The congress shall, as early as practicable, introduce,
by statute, the common law of England, with such modifications as
our circumstances, in their judgment, may require; and in all crim-
inal cases, the common law shall be the rule of decision.
( 1074 )