Constitution of the Republic of Texas.
19
cumstances will permit, to provide by law, a general system of edu-
cation.
Sec. 6. All free white persons who shall emigrate to this re-
public, and who shall, after a residence of six months, make oath,
before some competent authority that he intends to reside perma-
nently in the same, and shall swear to support this constitution,
and that he will bear true allegiance to the republic of Texas, shall
be entitled to all the privileges of citizenship.
Sec. 7. So soon as convenience will permit, there shall be a
penal code formed on principles of reformation, and not of vindic-
tive justice; and the civil and criminal laws shall be revised, di-
gested, and arranged under different heads; and all laws relating to
land titles shall be translated, revised and promulgated.
Seo. 8. All persons who shall leave the country for the purpose
of evading a participation in the present struggle, or shall refuse
to participate in it, or shall give aid or assistance to the present
enemy, shall forfeit all rights of citizenship, and such lands as they
may hold in the republic.
Sec. 9. All persons of color who were slaves for life previous
to their emigration to Texas, and who are now held in bondage,
shall remain in the like state of servitude: provided, the said slave
shall be the bona fide property of the person so holding said slave
as aforesaid. Congress. shall pass no laws to prohibit emigrants
from bringing their slaves into the republic with them, and holding
them by the same tenure by which such slaves were held in the
United States; nor shall congress have power to emancipate slaves;
nor shall any slave holder be allowed to emancipate his or her slave
or slaves without the consent of congress, unless he or she shall send
his or her slave or slaves without the limits of the republic. No
free person of African descent, either in whole or in part, shall be
permitted to reside permanently in the republic, without the con-
sent of congress; and the importation or admission of Africans or
negroes into this republic, excepting from the United States of
America, is forever prohibited, and declared to be piracy.
Sec. 10. All persons (Africans, the descendants of Afri-
cans, and Indians excepted,) who were residing in Texas on the
day of the declaration of independence, shall be considered citi-
zens of the republic, and entitled to all the privileges of such.
All citizens now living in Texas, who have not received their
port' on of land, in like manner as colonists, shall be entitled to
their land in the following proportion and manner: Every head
of a family shall be entitled to one league and labor of land: and
( 1079 )