22
Constitution of the Republic of Texas.
tion; and if the congress next chosen as aforesaid, shall pass said
amendment or amendments by a vote of two-thirds of all the
members elected to each house, then it shall be the duty of said
congress to submit said proposed amendment or amendments to-
the people, in such manner and at such times as the congress
shall prescribe; and if the people shall approve and ratify such
amendment or amendments by a majority of the electors quali-
fied to vote for members of congress voting thereon, such amend-
ment or amendments shall become a part of this constitution:
Provided, however, that no amendment or amendments be referred
to the people oftener than once in three years.
DECLARATION OF RIGHTS.
This declaration of rights is declared to be a part of this consti-
tution, and shall never be violated on any pretence whatever. And
in order to guard against the transgression of the high powers which
we have delegated, we declare that every thing in this bill of rights
contained, and every other right not hereby delegated, is reserved
to the people.
First. All men, when they form a social compact, have equal
rights, and no men or set of men are entitled to exclusive public
privileges or emoluments from the community.
Second. All political power is inherent in the people, and all
free governments are founded on their authority, and instituted
for their benefit: and they have at all times an inalienable right
to alter their government in such manner as they may think proper.
Third. No preference shall be given by law to any religious de-
nomination or mode of worship over another, but every person shall
be permitted to worship God according to the dictates of his own
conscience.
Fourth. Every citizen shall be at liberty to speak, write, or pub-
lish his opinions on any subject, being responsible for the abuse of
that privilege. No law shall ever be passed to curtail the liberty
of speech or of the press: and in all prosecutions for libels, the truth
may be given in evidence, and the jury shall have the right to de-
termine the law and fact, under the direction of the court.
Fifth. The people shall be secure in their persons, houses,
papers, and possessions, from all unreasonable searches and seiz-
ures, and no warrant shall issue to search any place or seize any
person or thing, without describing the place to be searched or
( 1082 )