Constitution of the Republic of Texas.
23
the person or thing to be seized, without probable cause, supported
by oath or affirmation.
Sixth. In all criminal prosecutions the accused shall have the
right of being heard, by himself, or council, or both; he shall have
the right to demand the nature and cause of the accusation, shall
be confronted with the witnesses against him, and have compulsory
process for obtaining witnesses in his favor. And in all prosecu-
tions by presentment or indictment, he shall have the right to a
speedy and public trial, by an impartial, jury; he shall not be com-
pelled to give evidence against himself, or be deprived of life, lib-
erty, or property, but by due course of law. And no freeman shall
be holden to answer for any criminal charge, but on presentment
or indictment by a grand jury, except in the land and naval forces,
or in the militia when in actual service in time of war or public
danger, or in cases of impeachment.
Seventh. No citizen shall be deprived of privileges, outlawed,
exiled, or in any manner disfranchised, except by due course of the
law of the land. •
Eighth. No title of nobility, hereditary privileges or honors, shall
ever be granted or conferred in this republic. No person holding
any office of profit or trust shall, without the consent of congress,
receive from any foreign state any present, office, or emolument
of any kind.
Ninth. No person, for the same offence, shall be twice put in
jeopardy of life or limbs.- And the right of trial by jury shall re-
main inviolate.
Tenth. All persons shall be bailable by sufficient security, un-
■ less for capital crimes, when the proof is evident or presumption
strong; and the privilege of the writ of “habeas corpus” shall not
be suspended, except in case of rebellion or invasion the public
safety may require it.
Eleventh. Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive
fines imposed, or cruel or unusual punishment inflicted. All courts
shall be open, and everv man for anv injurv done him in his lands,
goods, person, or reputation, shall have remedy by due course of
law.
Twelfth. No person shall be imprisoned for debt in consequence
of inability to pay.
Thirteenth. No person’s particular services shall be demanded,
nor property taken or applied to public use, unless by the consent
of himself or his representative, without just compensation being-
made therefor according to law.
( 1083 )