DECLARATION OE INDEPENDENCE,
MADE AT GOLIAD, DECEMBER 20, 1835.
Solemnly impressed with a sense of the danger of the crisis to which
recent and remote events have conducted the public affairs of their
country, the undersigned prefer this method of laying before their fel-
low-citizens, a brief retrospect of the light in which they regard both
the present and the past, and of frankly declaring for themselves, the
policy and the uncompromising course which they have resolved to pur-
sue for the future.
They have seen the enthusiasm and the heroic toils of an
army bar-
tered for
a capitulation, humiliating in itself, and repugnant in the ex-
treme to the pride and honor of the most lenient, and no sooner framed
than evaded or insultingly violated.
They have seen their camp thronged, but too _ frequently, with those
who were more anxious to be served by, than to serve their country—with
men more desirous of being honored with command than capable of
commanding.
They have seen the energies, the prowess, and the achievements of a
band worthy to have stood by Washington and receive command, and
worthy to participate of the inheritance of the sons of such a Father,
frittered, dissipated, and evaporated away for the want of that energy,
union, and decision in council, which, though it must emanate from the
many, can only be exercised efficiently when concentrated in a single
arm.
They have seen the busy aspirants for office running from the field to
the council hall, and from this back to the camp, seeking emolument
and not service, and swarming like hungry flies around the body politic.
They have seen the deliberations of the council and the volition of
the camp distracted and paralyzed, by the interference of an influence
anti-patriotic in itself, and too intimately interwoven with the paralyzing
policy of the past, to admit the hope of relief from its incorporation with
that which can alone avert the evils of the present crisis, and place the-
affairs of the country beyond the reach of an immediate reaction.
They have witnessed these evils with bitter regrets, with swollen hearts,
and indignant bosoms.
A revulsion is at hand. An army, recently powerless and literally im-
prisoned, is now emancipated. From a comparatively harmless, passive,
and inactive attitude, they have been transferred to one pre-eminently
commanding, active, and imposing. The North and East of Mexico will
now become the stronghold of centralism. Thence it can sally in what-
ever direction its arch adviser may prefer to employ its weapons. The
52— VOL. 1.
(817)