4
The Goliad Declaration of Independence.
counter-revolution in the interior once smothered, the whole fury of the
contest will be poured on Texas. She is principally populated with
North-Americans. To expel these from its territory, and parcel it out
among the instruments of its wrath, will combine the motive and the
means for consummating the schemes of the President Dictator. Al-
ready, we are denounced, proscribed, outlawed, and exiled from the
country. Our lands, peaceably and lawfully acquired, are solemnly pro-
nounced the proper subject of indiscriminate forfeiture, and our estates
of confiscation. The laws and guarantees under which we entered the
country as colonists,tempted the unbroken silence, sought the dangers of
the wilderness, braved the prowling Indian, erected our numerous im-
provements, and opened and subdued the earth to cultivation, are either
abrogated or repealed, and now trampled under the hoofs of the usurper’s
cavalry.
Why, then, should we longer contend for charters, which, we are
again and again told in the annals of the past, were never intended for
our benefit? Even a willingness on our part to defend them, has pro-
voked the calamities of exterminating warfare. Why contend for the
shadow, when the substance courts our acceptance? The price of each
is the same. War—exterminating war—is waged: and we have either to
fight or flee.
We have indulged sympathy, too, for the condition of many whom, we
vainly flattered ourselves, were opposed, in common with their adopted
brethren, to the extension of military domination over the domain of
Texas. But the siege of Bexar has dissolved the illusion. Nearly 'all
their physical force was in the line of the enemy and armed with rifles.
Seventy days’ occupation of the fortress of Goliad, has also abundantly
demonstrated the general diffusion among the Creole population of a
like attachment to the institutions of their ancient tyrants. intellectu-
ally enthralled, and strangers to the blessings of regulated liberty, the
only philanthropic service which we can ever force on their acceptance,
is that of example. In doing this, we need not expect or even hope for
their co-operation. When made the reluctant, but greatly benefited re-
cipients of a new, invigorating, and cherishing policy—a policy tender-
ing equal, impartial, and indiscriminate protection to all; to the low and
the high, the humble and the well-born, the poor and the rich, the ig-
norant and the educated, the simple and the shrewd—then, and not
before, will they become even useful auxiliaries in the work of political
or moral renovation.
It belongs to the North-Americans of Texas to set this bright, this
cheering, this all-subduing example. Let them call together their wise
men. Let them be jealous of the experienced, of the speculator, of
every one anxious to serve as a delegate, of every one hungry for power,
or soliciting office; and of all too who have thus far manifested a willing-
ness to entertain or encourage those who have already tired the patience
of the existing Council with their solicitations and attendance. Those
who seek are seldom ever the best qualified to fill an office. Let them
discard, too, the use of names calculated only to deceive and' bewilder,
and return like men to the use of words whose signification is settled
and universally acknowledged. Let them call their assembly, thus made
up, a Convention; and let this convention, instead of declaring for “the
(818)