Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
7
Standing Rules And Orders For Conducting Business
In The Convention Of Texas.
Touching the duty of the President.
1st. He shall take the chair every day precisely at the hour to
which the house shall have adjourned on the preceding day; shall
immediately call the members to order; and, on the appearance of
a quorum, shall cause the journal of the preceding day to be read.
2nd. He shall preserve order and decorum; may speak to points
of order in preference to other members, rising from his seat for
that purpose; and shall decide questions of order, subject to an ap-
peal to the house by any two members; on which appeal, no mem-
ber shall speak more than once, unless by leave of the house.
3d. He shall rise to put a question, but may state it sitting.
4th. Questions shall be distinctly put in this form, to wit: “As
many as are of opinion that (as the question may be) say Ay,”
and after the affirmative voice is expressed, “As many as are of
the contrary opinion, say No.” If the President doubts, or a divi-
sion be called for, the house shall divide: those in the affirmative
of the question shall first rise from their seats, and afterwards,
those in the negative. If the speaker still doubts, or a count be
required, the President shall name two members, one from each
. side, to tell the numbers in the affirmative, which being reported,
he shall then name two others, one from each side, to tell those in
the negative, which being also reported, he shall rise and state the
decision to the house.
5th. When any motion or proposition is made, the question,
“will the house now consider it?” shall not be put, unless it is
demanded by some member, or is deemed necessary by the Presi-
dent.
6 th. The President shall examine and correct the journal before
it is read. He shall have the general direction of the hall. He
shall have the right to name any member to perform the duties of
the chair, but such substitution shall not extend beyond an ad-
journment.
7th. All committees shall be appointed by the President, unless
otherwise specially directed by the house, in which case they shall
be appointed by ballot; and if, upon such ballot, the number re-
quired shall not be elected by a majority of the votes given, the
house shall proceed to a second ballot, in which a plurality of votes
shall prevail; and, in case a greater number than is required to
compose or complete a committee, shall have an equal number of
votes, the house shall proceed to a further ballot or ballots.
Sth. In all other cases of ballot than for committees, a ma-
jority of the votes given shall be necessary to an election; and
( 827 )