10
Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
ble. But a motion to strike out being lost, shall preclude neither
amendment nor a motion to insert and strike out.
32nd. Motions and reports may be committed at the pleasure
of the house.
33d. No motion or proposition on a subject different from that
under consideration shall be admitted under color of amendment.
34th. When a motion has once been made and carried in the
affirmative or negative, it shall be in order for any member of the
majority to move for the reconsideration thereof, on the same, or
the succeeding day, and such motion shall take precedence of all
other questions, except a motion to adjourn.
35th. When the reading of a paper is called for, and the same
is objected to by any member, it shall be determined by a vote of
the house.
36th. The unfinished business in which the house was engaged
at the last preceding adjournment shall have the preference in
the orders of the clay; and no motion on any other business shall be
received, without special leave of the house, until the former is
disposed of.
37th. Petitions, memorials, and other papers, addressed to the
house, shall be presented by the President, or by a member in his
place; a brief statement of the contents thereof shall verbally be
made by the introducer, and shall not be debated or decided on,
on the day of their being first read, unless where the house shall
direct otherwise, but shall lie on the table, to be taken up in the
order they were read.
38th. Any fifteen members (including the President, if there
be one,) shall be authorised to compel the attendance of absent
members.
39th. Upon calls of the house, or in taking the yeas and nays
on any question, the names of the members shall be called alpha-
betically.
40th. Any member may excuse himself from serving on any
committee at the time of his appointment, if he is then a member
of two other committees.
41st. No member shall absent himself from the service of the
house unless he have leave, or be sick and unable to attend.
42d. Upon the call of the house, the names of the members
shall be called over by the clerk, and the absentees noted; after
which the names of the absentees shall again be called over, the
doors shall then be shut, and those for whom no excuse, or suffi-
cient excuses are made, may, by order of those present, if fifteen
in number, be taken into custody as they appear, or may be sent
for and taken into custody, wherever to be found, by special mes-
sengers to be appointed for that purpose.
43d. When a member shall be discharged from custody, and ad-
mitted to his seat, the house shall determine whether such dis-
( 830 )