Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
11
charge shall be with or without paying fees; and in like manner,
whether a delinquent member, taken into custody by a special mes-
senger, shall, or shall not, be liable to defray the expense of such
special messenger.
44th. A sergeant-at-arms shall be appointed, to hold his office
during the pleasure of the house, whose duty it shall be to at-
tend the house during its sittings; to execute the commands of the
house, from time to time; together with all such process, issued
by authority thereof, as shall be directed to him by the President.
45th. The fees of the sergeant-at-arms shall be for every arrest
the sum of two dollars; for each days' custody, and releasement,
one dollar; and for traveling expenses for himself, or a special mes-
senger, going and returning, one tenth of a dollar per mile.
46th. It shall be the duty of the committee of elections to ex-
amine and report upon the certificates of election or other cred-
entials of the members returned to serve in this house, and take
into their consideration all such petitions and other matters touch-
ing elections and returns, as shall or may be presented or come
into question, and be referred to them by the house.
47th. The several standing committees of the house shall have
leave to report by bill or otherwise.
48th. No committee shall sit during the sitting of the house,
without special leave.
49th. The clerk of the house shall take an oath for the true
and faithful discharge of the duties of his office, to the best of
his knowledge and abilities, and shall be deemed to continue in
office until another be appointed.
50th. Whenever confidential communications are received by the
President of the Convention the house shall be cleared of all per-
sons except the members, clerks, sergeant-at-arms, and door-keeper,
and so continue during the reading of such communications, and,
unless otherwise' directed by the house, during all debates and pro-
ceedings to be had thereon.—And when the President, or any
other member, shall inform the house that he has communications
to- make which he conceives ought to be kept secret, the house
shall, in like manner, be cleared till the communication be made;
the house shall then determine whether the matter communicated
requires secrecy or not, and take order accordingly.
51st. The sergeant-at-arms and the door-keeper shall be sworn
to keep the secrets of the house.
- 52d. All questions relating to the priority of business to be acted
on, shall be decided on without debate.
(831’)