12
Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
Of Bills.
53d. Every bill shall be introduced by motion for leave, or by
an order of the house, on the report of the committee; and, in
either case, a committee to prepare the same shall be appointed.
In cases of a general nature, one day’s notice at' least shall be
given of the motion to bring in a bill, and every such motion may
be committed.
54th. Every bill shall receive three several readings in the house
previous to its passage; and all bills shall be despatched in order
as they were introduced, unless when the house shall direct other-
wise; but no bill shall be twice read on the same day, without
special order of the house.
55th. Upon the second reading of a bill, the President shall
state it as ready for commitment or engrossment, and, if com-
mitted, then a question shall be, whether to a select or standing
committee, or to a committee of the whole house; if to a committee
of the whole house, the house shall determine on what day. But,
if the bill be ordered to be engrossed, the house shall appoint the
. day when it shall be read the third time.
56th. The first reading of a bill shall be for information; and if
opposition be made to it, the question shall be, “shall this bill be
rejected?” if no opposition be made, or if the question to reject
be negatived, the bill shall go to its second reading without a
question.
57th. Not more than three bills, originating in the house shall
be committed to the same committee of the whole, and such bills
shall be analagous in their nature, which analogy shall be de-
termined by the President.
58th. After commitment and report thereof to the house, or at
any time before its passage, a bill may be recommitted.
59th. All bills ordered to be engrossed shall be executed in a
fair round hand.
60 th. No amendment by way of rider shall be received to any
bill on its third reading.
61st. When a bill shall pass, it shall be certified by the clerk,,
noting the-day of its passage at the foot thereof.
Of Committees of the Whole House.
6 2d: It shall be a standing order of the day throughout the
session, for the house to resolve itself into a committee of the
whole house on the state of Texas.
63d. In forming a committee of the whole house, the President
shall leave his chair, and a chairman to preside in committee, shall
be appointed by the President.
(832 )