Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
15
nal elements. In such a crisis, the first law of nature, the right
of self-preservation, is the inherent and inalienable right of the
people to appeal to first principles, and take their political affairs
into their own hands in extreme cases, enjoins it as a right towards
themselves, and a sacred obligation to their posterity to abolish
such government and create another in its stead, calculated to res-
cue them from impending dangers, and to secure their future wel-
fare and happiness.
Nations, as well as individuals, are amenable for their acts, to
the public opinion of mankind. A statement of a part of our
grievances is, therefore, submitted to an impartial world, in justi-
fication of the hazardous, but unavoidable, step now taken of sev-
ering our political connexions with the Mexican people, and as-'
suming an independent attitude among the nations of the earth.
The Mexican government, by its colonization laws, invited and
induced the Anglo-American population of Texas to colonize its
wilderness under the pledged faith of a written constitution, that
they should continue to enjoy that constitutional liberty and re-
publican government, to which they had been habituated in the
land of their birth, the United States of America. In this ex-
pectation they have been cruelly disappointed, inasmuch as the
Mexican nation has acquiesced in the late changes made in the .
government by general Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna, who, having
overturned the constitution of his country, now offers us the cruel
alternative, either to abandon our homes, acquired by so many pri-
vations, or submit to the most intolerable of all tyranny, the com-
bined despotism of the sword and the priesthood.
It hath sacrificed our welfare to the state of Coahuila, by which
our interests have been constitutionally depressed through a jealous
and partial course of legislation, carried on at a far distant seat of
government, by a hostile majority, in an unknown tongue; and this
too, notwithstanding we have petitioned, in the humblest terms,
for the establishment of a separate state government, and have, in
accordance with the provisions of the national constitution, pre-
sented to the general congress a republican constitution, which
was, without just cause, contemptuously rejected.
It incarcerated in a dungeon, for a long time, one of our citi-
zens, for no other cause but a zealous endeavor to procure the ac-
ceptance of our constitution, and the establishment of a state gov-
ernment.
It. has failed and refused to secure, on a firm basis, the right of
trial by jury, that palladium of civil liberty, and only safe guaran-
tee for the life, liberty, and property of the citizen.
It has failed to establish any public system of education, although
possessed of almost boundless resources, (the public domain) and.
although it is an axiom in political science, that unless a people are
(835 )