18
Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
two o’clock, p. m.
Mr. Asa Brigham, from the Municipality of Brazoria, appeared,
produced his credentials and took his seat.
Mr. A. H. Latimer, from the Municipality of Pecan Point and
vicinity, appeared, produced his credentials, and took his seat.
Messrs. Thos. J. Rusk, Charles S. Taylor, and John S. Roberts
appeared, produced their credentials, and took their seats as dele-
gates elect from the Municipality of Nacogdoches.
On motion of Mr. Houston,
The Convention proceeded to the election of an assistant secre-
tary in the place of Mr. E. M. Pease, who declined to act.
Mr. Houston nominated Mr. F. W. Jackson and there being no
opposition, the President declared Mr. Jackson duly elected assist-
ant secretary of the Convention.
Mr. Menard from the Municipality of Liberty appeared, pro-
duced his credentials, and took his seat.
On motion of Mr. Crawford,
Resolved, That a committee of three be appointed by the Presi-
dent to superintend the procurement of carriers, to send expresses
to the army, with such suitable directions as may be thought neces-
sary by the Convention.
And. the question being taken thereon, it was decided in the af-
firmative; whereupon the President appointed Messrs. Crawford,
Lacy, and Caldwell, said committee.
On motion of Mr. Potter,
The Convention adjourned until to-morrow morning at nine
o’clock.
THURSDAY, March 3rd, 1836.
The Convention met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. A. B. Hardin, from the Municipality of Liberty, appeared,
produced his credentials and took his seat as a member of the
Convention.
On motion of Mr. Everitt,
Resolved, That the Convention proceed to ballot for a committee
to act as an Executive Committee, till such time as a more perfect
form of provisional government may be established; and, after
some discussion,
On motion of Mr. Everitt,
The same was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. Everitt,
Resolved, That a committee of three be appointed by the Presi-
dent of the House, to call 'upon the late Governor Smith, the late
Lieutenant Governor Robinson, and the late acting council, that
they be requested to deliver up to them all documents or papers
( 838 )