Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
19
in anywise connected with the late provisional Government, and
to inform them that their functions as provisional officers ceased
on the first day of March.
On motion of Mr. Everitt,
Resolved, That a committee of three be appointed to form an
oath to be administered to the Executive Committee and every offi-
cer in the service of the Convention, or who may be appointed by
this Convention.
On motion of Mr. Everitt, the same was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. Everitt, the same was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. Everitt,
Resolved, That the Convention go into an election for a Major
General to have command in chief of all the forces (regulars and vol-
unteers) now in the field, or to be raised, and he to be under the
direction of this Convention, and that he be forthwith ordered to
the field; and, on motion of Mr. Everitt, the same was laid on the
table.
Mr. Crawford, chairman of the committee appointed to procure
suitable couriers for the purpose of forwarding expresses, with
such information as this Convention may deem proper, beg leave
to report'the following, to-wit:
Believing it of vital importance that this convention know cor-
rectly the true situation of our enemy on the frontier, and also the
condition of our army, they would recommend the convention to
accept the sevices of Major Caldwell, who purposes to start this
day for the frontier.
On motion of Mr. Crawford,
The report was received and agreed to.
On motion of Mr. Hardeman,
Messrs. Houston, Hamilton, Collinsworth and Thomas were
added to the committee appointed to draft a constitution.
Mr. Coleman asked and obtained leave to be discharged from
further duty to the committee on privileges and elections; where
upon the President appointed Mr. LeGrand in his place.
On motion of Mr. Everitt,
The Convention adjourned till two o’clock P. M.
TWO O’CLOCK, P. M.
The Convention met pursuant to adjournment.
On motion of Mr. Bunton,
Resolved, That a committee of five be appointed to inquire into
the actual condition of our army, the number of officers, grades,
where stationed, and what force they command, and the number
of privates now in the field; what their condition as to clothing,
the quantity of provisions and munitions of war now in the coun-
try, and where at, and make report of the same.
( 839 )