Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
21
And the question being taken thereon was decided in the affirm-
ative.
On motion of Mr. Goodrich,
Resolved, that no legislative subject shall be acted on by the
Convention after this day, the 3rd of March, except such as relates
directly to the defence of the country.
On motion of Mr. Everitt, the resolution was laid on the table
till to-morrow.
On motion of Mr. Gazley,
Resolved, That a committee of five be appointed to devise & re-
port to this Convention a suitable flag for the Republic of Texas.
And the question being taken thereon, was decided in the affirm-
ative; whereupon the President appointed Messrs.' Gazley, Scates,
Zavala, Robertson, and Barnett of Austin, and
On motion of Mr. Houston, the President was added to said
committee.
On motion of Mr. Goodrich,
Resolved, That the thanks of this Convention be presented to
Messrs. Baker & Bordens, editors of the Telegraph for the files
of their paper presented them.
And the question being taken thereon, was unanimously de-
cided in the affirmative.
On motion of Mr. Menifee,
The Convention adjourned till tomorrow morning at nine
o’clock.
FRIDAY, March 4, 1836.
The Convention met pursuant to adjournment. The names of
the members being called and the journals of the two preceding
days being read by the Secretary,
Mr. Everitt, chairman of the committee on privileges and elec-
tions made the following report:
Your committee on privileges and elections ask leave respect-
fully to report, that after a patient examination of various docu-
ments laid before your committee, in regard to an election held in
the municipality of Matagorda, (said election being contested by
Messrs. Royall and Fisher) have come to the conclusion that Mr.
S. Rhodes Fisher is legally elected and entitled to a seat in this
house. In drawing this conclusion, your committee would respect-
fully state to the house, that among the returns of elections, is one
from Goliad, held among the volunteers on the fifth of January;
at that election Mr. Royall received sixteen votes. The person who
discharged that post, appeared before your committee, and testi-
fied that he discharged said volunteers on the evening of the 11th
(841 )