Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
23
Messrs. Rusk and Everett followed in support of the report made
by the committee on privileges and elections, and the question
being taken thereon, was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. Everett, Chairman of the Committee on privileges and elec-
tions, made the following report:
The committee of privileges and elections respectfully ask leave
to report that the Honl. John Turner came before said committee
and attested that his constituents instructed him to protest against
Mr. McMullen being received as a member of this Convention; that
the grounds on which the protest was founded, was that many
volunteers, who desired to vote on the day of election, were not
allowed to vote by a majority of the judges of the election; that
he heard at least four say that they intended to vote for Mr.
Bowers and he is clearly of opinion that many others would have
voted for Mr. Bowers. Your committee differ in opinion, and re-
spectfully desire the sense of the house to be taken on it.
Your committee is fully of opinion that Mr. Bowers should be
invited to take a seat in this house.
S. H. EVERETT, Chairman.
C. B. STEWART.
Mr. McMullen asked and obtained leave to address the Conven-
tion in behalf of his right to a seat in the Convention.
Mr. Turner followed in debate, and the question being taken on
the Report of the committee, it was decided in the affirmative : and
On motion of Mr. Everitt,
The Sergeant at Arms was instructed to assign a seat to Mr.
Bowers.
Mr. Parmer, from the committee to whom was assigned the duty
to inform the Governor Henry Smith, and the Lt. Govr. Robinson
and Council; and notify them of the formation of the Convention,
beg leave to report that the committee have performed the duties
assigned them; and.
On motion of Mr. Parmer,
The Report was received and agreed to.
On motion of Mr. Collinsworth,
The following Preamble and resolution were introduced:
Whereas we are now in a state of Revolution, and threatened
by a large invading army, from the central government of Mexico;
and whereas our present situation, and the emergency of the pres-
ent crisis, renders it indispensably necessary that we should have
an army in the field; and, whereas, it is also necessary that there
should be one Supreme head or Commander in Chief, and due de-
grees of subordination defined, established and strictly observed,
Therefore, be it Resolved, that General Samuel Houston be ap-
pointed Commander in Chief of all the land forces of the Texian
Army, both regulars, volunteers and militia, while in actual ser-
(843)