Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
25
SUNDAY, MARCE 6, 1836.
The President called the Convention together, and informed
them that he had received by express, a letter from Colonel W.
Barrett Travis, Commandant of the Alamo, at Bejar de San An-
tonio, which required the immediate action of the Convention. The
letter being read by the secretary, was as follows, to wit:
COMMANDANOY op the Alamo, )
Bejar, March 3d, 1836.	9
Sib: In the present confusion of the political authorities of
the country, and in the absence of the commander-in-chief, I beg
leave to communicate to you the situation of this garrison. You
have doubtless already seen my official report of the action of the
twenty-fifth ult., made on that day to Gen. Sam. Houston, to-
gether with the various communications heretofore sent by ex-
press, I shall therefore confine myself to what has transpired since
that date.
From the twenty-fifth to the present date, the enemy have kept
up a bombardment from two howitzers, (one a five and a half inch,
and the other an eight inch,) and a heavy cannonade from two long
nine pounders, mounted on a battery on the opposite side of the
river, at a distance of four hundred yards from our walls. During
this period the enemy have been busily employed in encircling us
with entrenched encampments on all sides, at the following dis-
tance, to wit: In Bejar, four hundred yards west; in Lavilleta,
three hundred yards south; at the powder house, one thousand
yards east by south; on the ditch, eight hundred yards north east,
and at the old mill, eight hundred yards north. Notwithstanding
all this, a company of thirty-two men from Gonzales, made their
way into us on the morning of the first inst. at three o’clock, and
Colonel J. B. Bonham (a courier from Gonzales) got in this morn-
ing at eleven o’clock, without molestation. I have fortified this
place, so that the walls are generally proof .against cannon balls;
and I still continue to entrench on the inside, and strengthen the
walls by throwing up the dirt.
At least two hundred shells have
fallen inside of our works without having injured
a single man;
indeed we have been so fortunate as not to loose a man from any
cause, and we have killed many of the enemy. The spirits of my
men are still high, although they have had much to depress them.
We have contended for ten days against an enemy whose numbers
are variously estimated at from fifteen hundred to six thousand
men, with. General Ramier Siesma and Colonel Batris, the aid
de camp of Santa Anna, at their head. A report was circulated
that Santa Anna himself was with the enemy, but I think it was
false. A reinforcement of about one thousand men is now en-
tering Bejar, from the west, and I think it more than probable
that Santa Anna is now in town, from the rejoicing we hear.
( 845)