Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
29
enclosed by Governor Smith’s communication, was read by the
secretary.
On motion of Mr. Potter,
Resolved, That the thanks of the Convention be tendered to
H. K. W. Hill, Esq., of Nashville, for his generous and warm heart-
ed offer of assistance to the people of Texas in their struggle for
independence; and that the President of this Convention commu-
nicate this resolution to Mr. Hill, in such a manner as he may
deem most acceptable to the feelings of that gentleman.
And the question being taken thereon, it was decided unani-
mously in the affirmative.
Mr. Rusk, chairman of the committee appointed to report as
early as practicable a constitutive act, for the purpose of organiz-
ing the physical force of the country for its defence against its
enemies, made the following report:
An Ordinance to organise the Militia of the Regpublic of Texas.
Whereas, the present exigencies of the country are such as im-
periously demand the immediate organization of its physical force
for its prompt and energetic defence, against a large invading army
of merciless enemies, who are waging a war of extermination
against all ages, sexes and conditions of our population; and
Whereas.it is the bounden duty of every man who asks of the
country protection of his person and property, to stand forth in
such a crisis in its defence.
SECTION 1. Be it, therefore, ordained by the delegates of the people
of Texas, in Convention assembled, and it is hereby ordained and
decreed by the authority of the same, That all able bodied males (In-
dians and slaves excepted) inhabitants of Texas, over the age of
seventeen, and under the age of fifty, and who are not hereinafter
exempted, shall be liable and subject to do militia duty; Provided,
also, That all those under and above that age, shall have the privi-
lege of enrolling their names and subjecting themselves to duty.
Sec. 2. Be it further ordained by the authority aforesaid, That it
shall be the duty of this Convention to appoint one man in each
municipality, district or county, whose duty it shall be, within ten
days after the reception of the notice of his appointment, accom-
panied by a copy of this ordinance, to take and register, in a book
to be kept by him for .that purpose, the names of all those in his.
district or county, liable to do duty under the provisions of this
act; true transcript copies of the names so taken, to be made out-
by him, properly certified, one copy to be sent to the executive, one
to the commander-in-chief of the army, and another to be posted
up at the most public place in the district or county; Provided,
That in the district or county of Nacogdoches, there shall be one
additional individual appointed, whose duty it shall be to make
54—VOL. 1.
(849)