30
Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
out separately, the names of all natives therein liable to serve, and
that they, when drafted or ordered out, shall be organized in a
separate corps.
Sec. 3. Be it further ordained by the authority aforesaid, That
the executive authority established by the Convention, (and that
until such authority be established; the President of this body)
shall have power, at all times, to order out the militia, by draft or
otherwise, for a term to be specified by him (not to exceed, at any
one time, six months,) in case the exigencies of the country may
require it; Provided, That not more than two-thirds of the militia
shall be required to be in service at any time, and the militia, when
so ordered out, shall be under the command and direction of the
commander-in-chief of the army.
Sec. 4. Be it ordMined by the authority aforesaid, That when the
service of any portion of the militia shall be required, the Executive,
or the President of this body, as the case may be, shall issue his
■orders and transmit them to the persons appointed in each district
or county, setting forth the number' of men required from each,
and it shall be the duty of such person to make out, on separate
slips of paper, the names of all the persons therein liable to do
militia duty, which names, when so made out, shall be deposited
in the manner hereinafter directed in a hat or box, in the presence
of three disinterested persons, who are not, by the provisions of.
this act, liable to do militia duty, and after the said names shall be
well mixed up, and shaken by each of the three persons; they shall
cause to be drawn from the hat or box, one at a time, by a child
under the age of ten years, the number so required for service.
The names to be placed in the hat or box in the following manner,
to wit: The names of all persons who have not been in the service
shall be placed therein and drawn before the names of those who
have served, or are now serving, or shall during this campaign,
and before any draft enter the service; and all those who have served
for a shorter period than one month, or may in the present cam-
paign serve for a shorter period than one month, shall be first
drawn before those who have or may in this campaign serve for
one month or upwards. Provided, no person shall be entitled to
any of the benefits of these exceptions who shall not before the
day of the draft, of which five days notice shall be given, furnish
satisfactory proof, either in writing or by the testimony of two re-
spectable witnesses, to the person appointed to enroll the names, of
his having performed such service; which names when so drawn
shall be entered on a list, and certified by the said citizens, and
copies thereof furnished to the executive and the commander-in-
chief of the army. It shall then be the duty of the persons so ap-
pointed, to muster those so drawn out and registered into service
on a day to be specified by him, and at some convenient place in
the district or county, when they shall proceed to elect suitable
( 850 )