32
Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
Sec. 10. Be it ordained by the authority aforesaid, That in case
the person so appointed fail or refuse to discharge the duties re-
quired of him by this act, he shall be fined the sum of two hun-
dred dollars, to be collected by the order of any civil officer by dis-,
tress and sale of his property forthwith.
Sec. 11. Be it ordained by the authority aforesaid, That in case
of death, resignation or other vacation of said office, the highest
civil officer in the district or county or jurisdiction shall discharge
the duties until the appointment shall be filled by the executive
officer of the government, who shall have power to fill the same.
Sec. 18. Be it ordained by the authority aforesaid, That when
any requisition is made on any district, county or jurisdiction for
a certain number of men, the citizens of the same shall be at full
liberty to volunteer their services for the time required, and that
when they so volunteer and serve, they shall be exempt from further
service until their time arrives, in the same manner as if they had
been drafted.
Sec. 13. Be it ordained by the authority aforesaid, That when-
ever a Regiment, battallion or company present themselves to the
authorities of the Republic, they shall be received into the service
for any term, not less than three months or longer than the con-
tinuance of the war, on the same conditions as others; and shall
have the officers, their numbers entitle them to according to the
laws, commissioned by the Executive of the Republic, whenever
said officers shall produce satisfactory evidence of their election by'
the volunteers entering the service.
Sec. 14. Be it ordained by the authority aforesaid, That all act-
ing judges, postmasters and executive officers of the Government,
together with those appointed to register the names, shall be ex-
empted from militia duty.
SeC. 15. Be it ordained by the authority' aforesaid, That the
pay, allowance and rations of the militia shall be the same as here-
tofore established by the existing laws and ordinances on that sub-
ject.
Sec. 16. Be it ordained by the authority aforesaid, That all of-
ficers commissioned by the late provisional government, who are
not in actual service, and who are not exempt by the provisions
of this act, shall be Hable and subject to draft the same as others;
provided they do not within ten days after the publication of this
act repair to the field.
Sec. 17. Be it ordained by the authority aforesaid, That all
cases not herein provided for, shall be governed by the military
Laws of the United States of America, so far as they are applica-
ble to our circumstances and situation.
Sec. 18. Be it ordained by the authority aforesaid, That this
ordinance remain in full force for and during the term of twelve
( 852 )