Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
35
restore harmony, promote union, provide for the common defence
and general welfare; and that the public interest may not be
prejudiced or injured by the present unhappy state of dissention
and disunion.
Allow me to urge upon you the necessity of doing so with as
little delay as your other imperative and urgent duties will per-
mit, and I would respectfully say, that I hold my official papers at
the disposition of the Convention.
We are now invaded by a ruthless enemy, who gives no quar-
ters, and conscious that a moment ought not to be lost in meeting
and repelling him, I will not attempt an argument of the question
of the propriety of such an organization; it must be too plain a
proposition to need it; and there is neither time nor place for cold
debate; but the times call for prompt and energetic action.
The kindness of friends, the confidence reposed, and the duty
I owe my country will not permit me to say less, and the urgent and
imploring call of our invaded homes will not allow me longer to
trespass upon your valuable time, that can otherwise be profitably
appropriated.
That Harmony may prevail in your councils, throughout all
your arduous labors, as it has in making an unqualified declaration
of Independence, and the formation of a Constitution thereon for
our Government may be the happy result, is the sincere hope of
your
Fellow citizen,
JAMES W. ROBINSON.
The President laid before the Convention a communication from
John McMullen, the late President pro-tern of the late General
Council, Alexander Thompson and G. A. Patillo, which being
read by the Secretary was as follows.
Council Room,
Washington, March 8, 1836.
To the Honl. the President and members of the Convention:
The undersigned members of the General Council, have under-
stood, from some source, that the verbal notice given us a few days
since by a committee of your honorable body, that “the Conven-
vention were organized,” was deemed a sufficient announcement
that the powers of the provisional Govt, had ceased. This, from
our understanding of the organic Law, we did not think to be the
case, nor that we could be relieved without some declaration on the
part of the Convention; accordingly, we replied verbally to your
Committee, that we were ready to deliver the archives of the
Council into the hands of the Convention, or any authority acting
as a Government, provisional or otherwise.
The unfortunate difficulties that arose between the different
branches of the provisional government, of which it is unneces-
( 855 )