36
Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
sary to speak at this time, in some measure crippled its operations
an prevented it from acting with that energy so necessary in a
crisis like the present. This state of things, we expected, would
induce the convention to organize immediately, some temporary
authority to meet the present exigencies of the country.
We would not suppose that the convention superseded the pro-
visional government, without some declaration on their part of
such fact; if it is so deemed by your honorable body, or any au-
thority is designated to receive the archives, we are ready to de-
liver them, and with pleasure return to our homes and the field.
John McMullen, -
Prest. pro tem. of the Gen. Council.
ALEX. THOMPSON,
G. A. PATILLO.
On motion of Mr. Parmer,
The communications were referred to the committee on public
documents.
Mr. Potter introduced the following preamble and resolution:
Whereas, the securing to the people of Texas in the fair and un-
disturbed enjoyment of their lands, is an object of paramount con-
sideration with this convention; and, whereas, certain designing
persons in Texas, combined with others who live in distant parts,
and are not citizens of Texas, are seeking, under the cover of
forgery or fraudulent grants, to cheat the people of Texas out of
large and valuable portions of their lands, which, if not put down,
would oppress the individual settlers, and cripple the resources of
the country, so as to put it out of the power of the government to
make suitable provisions in lands and otherwise for our volunteers
now in the field, or who may hereafter serve the public cause;
Therefore, Resolved, That the committee on the constitution,
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of inserting in that in-
strument a provision to the following effect, viz: No claim of
eleven leagues of land or more shall be valid; and all titles issued
to any individual, under any pretence whatsoever, for more than
one League and a Labor of Land, (empresarios excepted) shall be
null and void and of no effect. All titles which may have been
issued to any individual, under any pretence whatsoever, since the
act of the late Consultation closing the Land offices, shall be null
and void and of no effect; and in the future adjustment of land
titles, not previously located by others, in accordance with the
principles of this provision, shall enjoy a preference over all other
persons. This Convention, or the Congress which may succeed it,
will make provisions for carrying this article into effect; and no
legislative act, or judicial decision shall ever be made in contra-
diction to the foregoing clause.
( 856 )