Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
41
house shall constitute a quorum to do business, but a smaller, shall
adjourn from day to day, and may compel the attendance of ab-
sent members.
Sec. 14. Each house may determine the rules of its own pro-
ceedings, punish its members for disorderly behavior, and with
the concurrence of two thirds, may expel a member, but not a
second time for the same offence.
Sec. 15. Senators and representatives shall receive a compensa-
tion for their services, to be ascertained by law; but no increase
of compensation shall take effect during the session at which such
increase shall have been made. They shall, in all cases, except
treason, felony, and breach of peace, be privileged from arrest
during the session of congress, or in going to or returning home
from the same; and for any speech or debate in either house, they
shall not be questioned in any other place.
Sec. 16. Each house may punish by impeachment during their
session, any person, not a member, who shall be guilty of any dis-
respect to the house, by any disorderly conduct in their presence.
Sec. 17. Each house shall keep a journal of their proceedings,
and publish the same, except such parts as, in their judgment, re-
quire secrecy. When any three members shall desire the yeas and
nays on any question, they shall be entered upon the journals.
Sec. 18. Neither house, without the consent of the other, shall
adjourn, for more than three days, nor to any other place than
that in which the two houses may be setting.
Sec. 19. When vacancies happen in either house, the executive
shall issue writs of election to fill such vacancies.
Sec. 20. Ko bill shall become a law until, on three several days
it be read in each house, unless in cases of immergency, two-
thirds of the house where the bill shall be depending, may deem it
expedient to dispence with the rule.
Sec. 21. After a bill has been rejected, no bill containing the
same substance shall be passed into a law during the same session.
Sec. 22. The style of the laws of this republic shall be, “Be it
enacted by the republic of Texas, in general congress assembled.”
Sec. 23. Ko person holding any office under this government,
to which any emolument is attached, shall be a member of either
house during his- continuance in office. Kor shall any senator or
representative receive an appointment to any office, which was cre-
ated, or emoluments increased during the time for which he was
elected.
Sec. 24. Ko collector or holder of public monies shall have a
seat in either house of the congress, until he has accounted for,
and paid over to the treasurer, all sums for which he may be liable.
Sec. 25. Any member of either house may dispute and protest
any act or resolve, and have his reasons entered on the journal.
(861 )