Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
43
ARTICLE III.
Sec. 1. The supreme executive of this republic shall be styled
the president of the republic of Texas.
Sec. 2. The president shall be elected for the term of three
years, by the qualified voters of members to congress, and at the
same time and place designated for electing senators and repre-
sentatives. The person having a majority of all the votes given,
shall be president. If no person have a majority of all the votes
given, then the house of representatives shall immediately choose,
vive voce, one of the two who have received the highest number
of votes, who shall be the president.
Sec. 3. The returns of every election for president shall be
sealed up, and transmitted to the seat of government by the re-
turning officers, or holders of elections, directed to the speaker of
the house of representatives, who shall open and publish them in
the presence of a majority of the members of each of the houses of
congress.
Sec. 4. He shall be thirty-five years of age and a citizen of this
republic at the time of the adoption of this constitution, or shall
have been an inhabitant of this republic at least three years pre-
ceding his election.
Sec. 5. He shall commence the execution of his office on the
second Monday in November next after his election, and continue
in the execution thereof until his successor shall have taken the
oath prescribed by this constitution.
Sec. 6. The president, at stated times, shall receive for his ser-
vices a compensation, which shall be neither increased nor dimin-
ished during the term for which he shall be elected. Before he
enters on the duties of his office, he shall take the following oath:
Sec. 7. He shall be commander-in-chief of the army and navy
of this republic, and the militia thereof, but he shall not command
personally in the field, unless he shall be advised so to do by a
resolution of the general congress. And he shall have power to re-
mit fines and forfeitures, to grant reprieves and pardons for of-
fences against the republic of Texas, except in cases of impeach-
• ment.
Sec. 8. He shall have the power, by and with the advice and
conscent of the senate, to make treaties: Provided, Two-thirds of
the senators present concur. And he shall, by and with the ad-
vice and concent of the senate, appoint ministers and consuls,
and all officers whose offices are established by this constitution,
or shall be established by law, and whose appointments are not
herein otherwise provided for.
Sec. 9. The president shall have power to fill all vacancies that
may happen during the recess of the senate, by granting commis-
sions which shall expire at the end of the next session.
( 863 )