44
Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
Sec. 10. He shall, from time to time, give congress information
of the state of the republic, and recommend to their consideration
such measures as he shall judge necessary. He may, on extra-
ordinary occasions, convene both houses of congress, or either of
them. In case of disagreement between them as to the time of ad-
journment, he may adjourn them, to such. time as he may think
proper. He shall receive all public ministers; he shall see that the
laws be faithfully executed, and shall commission all the officers
of the republic.
Sec. 11. There shall be a seal of the republic, which shall be
kept by the president and used by him officially, and shall be
called the great seal of the republic of Texas.
Sec. 12. All grants and commissions shall be in the name and
by the authority of the republic of Texas, be sealed with the seal
and signed by the president.
Sec. 13. A secretary of the republic shall be appointed and
commissioned during the term of four years, he shall keep a fair
register of all the official acts and proceedings of the president,
and shall, when required, lay the same and all other papers, min-
utes, and vouchers relative thereto, before the general congress,
and shall perform such other duties as shall be enjoined on him
by law.
ARTICLE IV.
Sec. 1. Every free white male citizen of the age of twenty-one
years and upwards, and being an inhabitant of the county or dis-
trict, shall be entitled to vote for member of the general congress
for the county or district in which he may reside.
Sec. 2. All elections shall be by ballot.
Sec. 3. All elections by joint vote of both houses of congress
shall be vive voce, and each vote entered on the journals.
Sec. 4. A vice president shall be chosen at every election for
president, in the same manner, continue in office the time, and pos-
sess the same qualifications. In voting for president and vice presi-
dent, the electors shall distinguish whom they vote for as presi-
dent and whom as vice president.
Sec. 5. In case of impeachment, removal from office, death or
resignation, or absence from the republic of the president, the vice
president shall exercise all the powers appertaining to the office
of president until another be duly qualified, or the president ab-
sent, or impeached, shall return, or be acquitted.
Sec. 6. The president, vice president, and all civil officers of
the republic, shall be removed from office on impeachment, and
for conviction of treason, bribery, and other high crimes and mis-
demeanors.
(864)