Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
45
JUDICIARY—ARTICLE V.
Sec. 1. The judicial power of the republic of Texas shall be
vested in one supreme court, and in such inferior courts as the
congress may, from time to time ordain and establish.
Sec. 2. The judges of the supreme and inferior courts shall
hold their offices for four years, eligible to a re-election; and shall,
at stated periods, receive for their services a compensation, which
shall not be diminished during their continuance in office.
Sec. 3. They shall have exclusive admiralty and maritime
jurisdiction, and original jurisdiction in all civil cases where the
matter in controversy amounts to one hundred dollars.
Sec. 4. The judges, by virtue of their offices, shall be conserva-
tors of the peace throughout the republic. The style of all process
shall be “the Republic of Texas;” all prosecutions shall be carried
on in the name, and by the authority, of the republic of Texas,
and conclude, “against the peace and dignity of the republic of
Texas.”
Sec. 5. There shall be a district attorney appointed for each
district; their duties, salaries, perquisites and term of service, shall
be fixed by law.
Sec. 6. There shall be in each county, a county court, and such
justices’ courts as the congress may establish.
Sec. 7. The republic shall be divided into convenient counties,
but no new county shall be established containing a less quantity
than six hundred and twenty-five square miles, nor except on the
petition of one hundred free male inhabitants, within the limits or
bounds of such new county, prayed to be laid off.
Sec. 8. There shall be appointed, for each county, a conven-
ient number of justices of the peace, one sheriff, one coroner, one
trustee, and a sufficient number of constables, who shall hold their
offices for two years; to be elected by the qualified voters of the
district or county, as congress may direct. Justices of the peace
and sheriffs shall be commissioned by the president.
Sec. 9. All proceedings in courts of justice shall be in conform-
ity to the common law, as is applicable to the situation of the
republic, and not inconsistent with this constitution, shall be the
common law of the land, but no penalty shall be inflicted under'
said law, except fine and imprisonment; but congress may, from
time to time, alter or abolish such portions of said common law
as they may think proper.
Sec. 10. Every person who shall be chosen, or appointed to any
office of trust or profit shall, before entering on the duties thereof,
take an oath to support the constitution and also an oath of office.
Sec. 11. That each member of the senate and house of repre-
sentatives shall, before they proceed to business, take an oath to
55—VOL. 1.
(865)