46
Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
support the constitution, and also the following oath: I, A. B.
do solemnly swear that as a member of this general congress I will,
in all cases, vote without favor, affection, partiality or prejudice,
and that I will not propose or assent to any bill, vote or resolution,
which shall appear to me injurious to the people.
ARTICLE VI.
Sec. 1. No minister of the gospel, priest or ecclesiastic shall
hold any office in the republic.
Sec. 2. The clerks of the district and supreme courts shall be
appointed by the judges of the respective courts.
Sec. 3. The judges may be removed from office by the presi-
dent, on a concurrent vote of both houses; two-thirds of each house
must concur in such vote, and the causes of such removal shall be
entered on the journals of each house. The judge, against whom
the congress may be about to proceed; shall receive notice thereof,
accompanied with a copy of the causes alleged for his removal,
at least thirty days before the day on which either house of the
general congress shall sit thereupon.
Sec. 4. The judges of the district and supreme courts, and the
district attornies, shall be at least twenty-five years of age, and
shall be learned in the law.
Sec. 5. The supreme court shall consist of a chief justice and
.associate judges. The district judges shall compose the associate
judges, a majority of which, with the chief justice, shall constitute
a quorum.
Sec. 6. The supreme court shall have appellate jurisdiction
only, which shall be co-extensive with the limits of the republic,
and shall hold its session annually, at such time and place as may
be fixed by law.
Sec. Y. The judges of the supreme and district courts shall be
■elected by joint ballot of both houses of congress.
Sec. 8. The republic of Texas shall be divided into convenient
judicial districts, not less ■than, three, nor more than eight; there
shall be appointed for each district a judge, who shall reside in
the same, and hold his term at such times and places as congress
may direct.
Sec. 9. In all admiralty and maritime cases, in all cases affect-
ing ambassadors, public ministers or consuls, and in all capital
cases, the district court shall have exclusive original jurisdiction.
( 866 )