50
Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
to enact such laws as may be necessary to the organization of this
republic.
Sec. 18. Treason against the republic, shall consist only in
levying war against it, or adhering to its enemies, giving them aid
and support.
Sec. 19. No retrospective, or expose facto law, or law impair-
ing the obligations of contract shall be made.
Sec. 20. Perpetuities and monopolies are contrary to the gen-
ius of a free government, and shall not be allowed; nor shall the
law of primogeniture or of entailments be ever in force in this
republic.
GENERAL PROVISIONS.
Sec. 1. The republic of Texas shall include all the country
formally known as the province of Texas; but the people reserve
to themselves exclusively the right of hereafter settling the limits
and boundaries of the same.
Sec. 2. All lands liable to taxation shall be classed into first,
second and third class, divided into first, second and third quality,
and shall be taxed according to their several qualities.
Sec. 3. Laws shall be made to exclude from office, sufferage and
from serving on juries, those who shall hereafter be convicted of
hribery, perjury, forgery or other high crimes and misdemeanors.
Sec. 4. Returns of-all elections for officers who are to be com-
missioned by the president, and for members of the general con-
gress, shall be made to 'the secretary of the republic.
Sec. 5. The president and heads of departments shall keep their
offices at the seat of government, unless removed by the permission
of congress.
Sec. 6. The president shall make use of his private seal until
a seal of the republic shall be provided.
Sec. 7. It shall be the duty of congress, as soon as circumstances
will permit, to provide by law a general system of education.
Sec. 8. All free white persons who shall emigrate to this re-
public, who shall, after a residence of six months, make oath be-
fore some competent authority, that he intends to reside perma-
nently in the same, and shall swear to support this constitution,
and that he will bear true allegiance to the republic of Texas,
shall be entitled to all the privileges of citizenship.
Sec. 9. So soon as convenience will permit, there shall be form-
ed a penal code, on principles of reformation and not of vindictive
justice: and the civil and criminal laws shall be revised, digested
and arraigned under different heads. The laws relating to land
titles shall be translated, revised and promulgated.
(870)