Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
51
Sec. 10. All persons who shall leave the country for the pur-
pose of avoiding a
participation in the present struggle, or shall
refuse to participate in it, or shall give aid or
assistance to ■ the
present enemy, shall forfeit all right of citizenship, and such lands,
as they may hold in this republic.
Sec. 11. There shall be a tribunal established by law, from
whose decision there shall be no appeal, for the adjudication of all
land titles within the republic; but no claim shall be confirmed
by said tribunal until Congress shall have passed on the same; nor
shall congress act on any claim or grant which originated previous
to the adoption of this constitution, before the same shall be re-
commended by said tribunal for confirmation.
Sec. 12. So soon as practicable there shall be established a
land office, under such regulations as congress may direct; pro-
vided, however, that all those who are entitled to lands under this
constitution shall have a preference over all others.
The public lands being the only resource and wealth of the
republic, congress shall have no power to give or grant them away,
except for a price to be fixed by law. Actual settlers shall have
a preference of purchase at the minimum price, so as to include
his improvement, on such terms as may be regulated by law; pro-
vided, however, that nothing herein contained will prevent con-
gress providing for the army during the present struggle.
Sec. 13. All persons (slaves and Indians excepted) residing in
Texas on the day of the declaration of independence, shall be
considered as citizens of the republic, and entitled to all the privi-
leges as such. Every man of a family, being a citizen, shall have
confirmed to him a league and a labor of land; and every single
man of twenty-one years of age and upward, and such volunteers
as may serve faithfully for the term of six months, being citizens,
shall have confirmed to 'him one third of a league of land. And
all citizens now actually settled on lands, shall be privileged to
include their improvements in their location, over all other claims
whatever, except those settlers who have obtained possession of
their settlements by lease or rent; and the citizens aforesaid, shall
not be required to reside on the lands so confirmed to them, but
shall have their boundaries plainly marked.
Sec. 14. All lands within the limits of this republic, which are
vacant or not held agreeably to law, shall belong to and consti-
tute a fund for the use of the republic; .provided, however, that
nothing herein contained shall be so construed so as to prejudice
the rights of citizens provided for in this constitution.
Sec. 15. Whereas, it is believed by this convention that great
frauds have been committed in obtaining grants for lands and ord-
ers for surveys in Texas, do hereby declare all sales of lands made
by the legislature of Coahuila and Texas, and located in Texas,
and all lands, the locations of which are unauthorized by law;
(871)