Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
53
three months previous to the election for members to said con-
gress; and if in congress next chosen as aforesaid, such amend-
ment or amendments shall be agreed to by two thirds of all the
members elected to each house, then it shall be the duty of the
congress to submit such proposed amendment or amendments to
the people, in such manner and at such time as congress may
prescribe; and if a
majority of the qualified voters for members
to congress, shall ratify the same, such amendment
or amendments
shall become a part of this constitution; provided, however, that
amendment or amendments be not submitted more than once in
three years.
On motion of Mr. Parmer, the report was received.
On motion of Mr. Everett,
The Convention resolved itself into a committee of the whole
upon the report, Mr. Everett in the chair; and after some time spent
therein,
On motion of Mr. Roberts,
The committee rose, and Mr. Everett reported that the com-
mittee of the whole house had had under consideration the report
of the committee, appointed to draft a constitution, and instructed
him to report progress and ask leave to sit again.
On motion of Mr. Thomas,
The Convention adjourned, till two o’clock, p. m.
two o’clock, P. M.
The Convention met pursuant to adjournment.
On motion of Mr. Thomas,
The Convention resolved itself into a committee of the whole
house upon the report of, the committee to draft a constitution,
Mr. Thomas in the chair, and after some time spent therein,
On motion of Mr. Rusk,
The committee rose, and Mr. Thomas reported that the com-
mittee of the whole, had had under consideration the report of
the committee appointed to draft a constitution, and instructed
him to report progress and ask leave to sit again.
On motion of Mr. Thomas, the report was received.
Mr. Collinsworth, chairman of the committee on public docu-
ments, made the following report:
In regard to the loan contracted by your commissioners in the
United States, your committee are of opinion that it is not so ad-
vantageous to this government as could have been'desired. But
when it is considered that the late consultation had declared for
the republican principles of the constitution of eighteen hundred
and twenty-four, which gave us no distinct national existence;
which declaration, however proper at the time, tended very much
to abate the enthusiasm felt in our behalf. And when it is fur-
ther considered, that this fact alone rendered any security on Texas
( 873 )