Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
55
THURSDAY, Mauch 10, 1836.
The Convention met pursuant to adjournment.
On motion of Mr. Busk,
Resolved, That the late Governor Henry Smith, the late Lieu-
tenant Governor Robertson, the late Council, the late Treasurer,
the late Auditor and Comptroller of public accounts, be requested
to deliver to the house, all the books, papers, journals, correspond-
ence, contracts, orders, laws, and all other papers connected with
or relating to their several offices.
Resolved, That the secretary of the house make out, and hand
forthwith, to each of the before mentioned individuals, each a
copy of this resolution, and request of them the books and papers
referred to.
And the question being taken thereon, it was decided in the
affirmative.
Mr. Gains, chairman of the committee appointed to examine
and report upon the subject of the future disposition of the Mexi-
can prisoners, made the following report:
That all commissioned officers and chaplains in the Mexican
army, who are now are may be taken prisoners, shall be held in
close confinement, and shall be responsible to pay for their sup-
port; they shall be from time to time subject to be exchanged
according to the usages' of war, or as this government may here-
after think proper.
All non-commissioned officers and privates shall be distributed
amongst the inhabitants of Texas, under such rules as this gov-
ernment may adopt, always being subject to be exchanged and
dealt with according to the rules of war; that the said prisoners
shall be compelled to do bodily labor for their support, and that
said inhabitants will be compelled to treat said prisoners as Mexi-
can hired servants.
Should any of said prisoners desert, they shall be tried by a
court martial and punished accordingly.
On motion of Mr. Gains, the report was received.
Mr. Hardeman called for the resolution laid on the table, pro-
posing to lay all subject matter on the table, not connected with
the constitution, until the adoption of that instrument, and the
house sustained the call.
Whereupon, Mt. Rusk offered the following amendment: “Un-
less taken up by two thirds of the house,' without debate,” which
was accepted by the introducer of the resolution.
And the question being taken on the adoption of the resolution
with the amendment, it was decided in the affirmative.
The president laid before the Convention, the letter of Mr. G. B.
Franks; and
(875 )