58
Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
The officers of the Navy are, one Captain; one first Lieutenant;
one second Lieutenant, one Third Lieutenant.
Marine service, one first Lieutenant; one second Lieutenant;
Surgeons, one.
Maldng in all one hundred and twenty-eight commissioned of-
ficers, exclusive of the third one commission of the same individ-
ual.
Your committee have also learned, (though not officially,) that
Captain Turner has arrived, on board the Tamaulipas, with a com-
pany of fifty-six men; and that Captain Teal has now under his
command forty regular troops.
Statement of the leading articles of provisions belonging to gov-
ernment, and deposited at the following places, to wit:
Brazoria or Velasco—16,579 pounds of bacon; 154 barrels of
flour; 207 bushels of corn.
Matagorda.—389 barrels of flour; 50 do. pease; 25 sacks, coffee;
18 barrels sugar; 20 do. vinegar; 35 boxes soap; 11 do. tobacco;
40 barrels beans; 2 tierces rice; 1 barrel brandy; I do. port wine;
15 do. bread.
Munitions of war.
Velasco or Brazoria.—2000 pounds of lead; 60 bags musket
balls; 154 kegs powder.
Velasco.—100 carbines; 75 sabres; 50 pair pistols; 440 muskets;
200 cartridge boxes with belts.
Clothing.—Brazoria or Velasco.—200 pair of blankets; 366
.jackets; 366 pantaloons; 570 pair of socks; 62 shirts.
There are also many smaller articles at each place, the particu-
lars of which will be seen by reference to the accompanying in-
voices, and a quantity of ordnance and munitions at Bexar, as
per report No. 1.
J. W. BUNTON, Ch’n. of Com.
On motion of Mr. Bunton, the report was received and agreed to.
On motion of Mr. Zavala,
Eesolved, That an interpreter shall he appointed by this con-
vention, charged with the duty of translating the constitution and
laws of this government into the Spanish language; which was
laid on the table under the rule of the house.
On motion of Mr. Bunton, the committee appointed to inquire
into and report upon the condition of the army, number of officers
and privates, was discharged from further consideration of the
subject.
Mr. Gains moved to reconsider the resolution commissioning
Messrs. Black and Burnett captains, to raise a company of volun-
teers to disperse the Indians, supposed to be embodied near the
San Antonio road.
( 878 )