Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
61
Menard, Parmer, Pennington, Stepp, Smyth, Stewart, Taylor and
Waller.
Those who voted in the negative, are Messrs. Blount, Badgett,
Brigham, Bowers, Bunton, Coleman, Childress, Gazley, Mottley,
Power, Robertson, Rusk, Swisher, Scates, Thomas, Turner, West
and Woods.
On motion of Mr. Parmer, the word “seventeen” was inserted
in lieu of the word “sixteen.”
On motion of Mr. Parmer, Messrs. Willis A. Faris, and John
McLeod, were appointed assistant secretaries of the convention.
On motion of Mr. Parmer, the house adjourned till three o’clock,
P. M.
THREE O’CLOCK, P. M.
The convention met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Samuel P. Carson, from Red River, appeared, produced his
credentials and took his seat, and asked and obtained leave to sign
the declaration of independence.
On motion of Mr. Conrad,
Resolved. That the committee on military affairs be instructed to
report the proper manner of furnishing, both the regular and vol-
unteer army of Texas, with a proper number of Surgeons, and a
Surgeon General, to the medical department of the army.
Mr. Conrad moved that the rule be dispensed with; and that the
resolution be put upon its passage.
And the question being taken thereon, it was decided in the
affirmative.
The question then recuring upon the adoption of the resolution,
which was decided in the affirmative.
On motion of Mr. Collinsworth, the convention took up the re-
port of the committee of the whole upon the constitution.
On motion of Mr. Parmer, the convention took a recess till half
past seven o’clock.
HALE PAST SEVEN o’clock, P. M.
The convention met pursuant to adjournment.
The President laid before the house sundry communications,
and,
On motion of Mr. Rusk, the same was referred to the committee
upon.public documents.
Mr. Carson stated that he had received information of the arrival
of the Brutus and Invincible, at the mouth of the river Brazos, des-
tined for the service of the republic of Texas; and that it was im-
portant to commission those vessels; he would therefore, move that
a select committee on naval affairs be raised, to inquire into and
report in relation thereto.
And the question being taken thereon, it was decided in the
affirmative.
56 —vol. i.
( 881 )