66
Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
And the question, being taken thereon, it was decided in the af-
firmative.
On motion of Mr. Hardeman, the house adjourned until ten
o’clock to-morrow morning.
SATURDAY March 11, 1836.
The convention met, pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Collinsworth, chairman of the committee on military af-
fairs, made the following report; to wit:
Convention Hall, March 12, 1836.
To Captain Joseph L. Bennett— 1Sir,—You will proceed imme-
diately to the head quarters of the commander-in-chief, and report
yourself to him: upon which, and being mustered into service, he
will forward to the proper authority the necessary certificate; and
commissions for yourself and inferior company officers will be
regularly issued. On your way to head quarters, you will be au-
thorized to purchase, on the credit of the government, such pro-
visions as may be necessary for the use of your company, enjoining
on you strict economy. And when you cannot otherwise obtain
provisions, you are authorized to press such as may be absolutely
necessary: but in doing this, you will act with the greatest forbear-
ance, and in such manner as to avoid, as far as possible, all indi-
vidual distress: and should it be necessary for you to kill any stock,
you will keep an account of the marks and brands, so that their
proper owners may be compensated : and when you purchase pro-
visions on the faith of the government, you will give the owners
certificates therefor.
JAS. COLLINSWORTH,
Chairman of committee on
military affairs.
Which, on motion, was received and concurred in.
Mr. Rusk, chairman of the select committee to whom was re-
ferred the memorial of James Morgan made and submitted the fol-
lowing report thereupon, towit:
“The com. to whom was referred the petition of J. Morgan Esq.
beg leave to make the following report:—That they have had the
said petition under consideration and are of opinion, that the pro-
visional government had no authority vested in them to lay impost
duties; and therefore propose the following resolution:
Resolved that the act laying imposts, passed by the provisional
government is null, void and of no effect; and therefore
(886 )