Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
67
Resolved that the said J. Morgan as well as all others, of whom
duties may have been demanded under the provisions of that act,
be released- therefrom.
Be it further Resolved, that should any monies have been col-
lected by any officers under said law, it shall be refunded to the .
persons by whom it has been so paid over:
Which was received, and on motion concurred in by . the con-
vention.
Mr. Rusk, chairman of the. select committee, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of John M. Smith and Wm. M. Smith praying a
pardon from the sentence of death for murder, have had the same
under consideration, and are of opinion, that the case is one having
merits, which the time of this convention will not permit them prop-
erly to investigate; and in order to give the applicants an opportu-
nity of presenting their petition to the executive hereafter to be ap-
pointed, they therefore propose the following resolution.
Resolved, That the execution of the sentence pronounced against
Jno. M. Smith and William M. Smith be suspended until the first
day of May next.
Which was on motion received and concurred in.
The secretary of this convention who was required by a resolution
of the body to call on the late officers of the provisional govern-
ment, for the papers connected therewith—which was received and
on motion laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. Rusk, the rule of the house was suspended, and
the ordinance, to organize the Physical Forces reported by the com-
mittee charged with that duty, was read.—
On motion of Mr. Potter the house resolved itself into a commit-
tee of the whole, upon the ordinance reported as aforesaid.
Mr. Potter in the chair, and taken up section by section.
On motion of Mr. Gazley the com. of the whole rose, and reported
the bill with sundry amendments.
The President resumed his seat.
On motion of Mr. Gazley the ordinance so reported by the com.
of the whole, was laid on the table until two o’clock; and on motion
the house adjourned until that hour.
two o’clock, p. m.
The Convention met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Collinsworth submitted sundry public documents from
Messrs. McKinney & Williams, which were on motion referred to
the committee on finance.
Mr. Barnett of Washington introduced the following preamble
and resolutions:
Whereas Capt. John W. Peacock, a citizen of Perry county, in the
State of Tennessee, and U. S. of America, animated by a noble and
generous sympathy for the people of Texas in their hour of need,
( 887 )