Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
69
drafted or ordered out, shall "be organized in separate corps,” where-
upon, the question "being taken was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. Pennington dissenting, presented the following as his pro-
test:
“That no minor shall be disfranchised in consequence of failing
to muster into service agreeably to this article.”
S. O. PENNINGTON.
Mr. Powers introduced the following amendment: “and any per-
son coming into any municipality, and remaining there ten days
without reporting himself for military duty shall be liable to serve
before all other persons.”
Mr. Carson introduced. the following section as an amendmenf.
Section 18. Be it ordained by the authority aforesaid That this
ordinance remain in full force for and during the term of twelve
months from the day of its passage and no longer, unless sooner
repealed by a Congress of the republic,” which was on motion ac-
cepted.
On motion of Mr. Rusk, the rule of the house was suspended,
and the ordinance to organize the militia taken up and put upon
its last reading. Whereupon, the question being taken upon the
passage of the ordinance, the same was decided in the' affirmative
and ordered to be enrolled.
On motion of Mr. Rusk the chair appointed Messrs. Rusk,
Thomas, and Childress a Com. to inspect the enrolment of the ordi-
nance bills.
Mr. Gaziev introduced the following resolution:
Resolved that six hundred copies of the militia laws be printed
in hand bill form: and that twenty of said Copies be immediately
forwarded to the first judge of each municipality in Texas, who
are hereby required to distribute the same among the people.
Resolved that the said law be inserted in the Telegraph and
Texas Register, printed at San Felipe de Austin.
Resolved That a Com. of three be appointed to carry the fore-
going resolutions into effect: which on motion was adopted.
Whereupon the chair appointed Messrs. Gazley, Brigham, and
Everett a committee.
On motion of Mr. Scates, the Rainbow and star of five points
above the western horizon: and the star of six points sinking "below,
was added to the flag of Mr. Zavala accepted on Friday last.
Mr. Taylor introduced the following resolution: Resolved that
the word “Texas” be placed, one letter between each point of the
star on the national flag.
Mr. Waller introduced the following resolution: Resolved that
Peter Bertrand of the municipality of Brazoria be appointed to
organize and draft the militia agreeably to an ordinance made by
this, convention: which was adopted.
(889)