70
Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
Mr. Bunton introduced the following resolution:—Resolved that
the Com: on Military affairs he instructed to report a plan to this
house, by which supplies, arms, munitions &c. may be immediately
despatched to the seat of war: which was adopted.
On motion of Mr. Rusk. Resolved that Mr. Goodrich be ap-
pointed a committee to procure a suitable room in which to deposit
the public archives.
Mr. Childress introduced the following resolution: Resolved that
a single star of five points, either of gold or silver, be adopted as
the peculiar emblem of this republic: & that every officer & sol-
dier of the army and members of this convention, and all friends
of Texas, he requested to wear it on their hats or bosoms: which
was adopted.
On motion of Mr. Gazley, the house adjourned till tomorrow,
9. o’clock.
SUNDAY, 9 o’clock, a. m.
The convention met pursuant to adjournment.
The communication of Mr. Moody auditor of public accounts of
the late provisional government was received and laid on the table.
Mr. Goodrich, chairman of the Com. appointed to procure a
suitable room for depositing the archives of the late provisional
government, made a report which was received and concurred in.
On motion the chairman appointed Messrs. Carson and Fisher
of Matagorda a Com. to forward commissions &c. to our naval com-
manders.
Mr. Pennington introduced the following resolution: Resolved
that a Com. of three be appointed to receive, examine and reciept
for [certain accounts not found herein].
Messrs. Pennington, Barnett of W. and Stewart were appointed
by the President the committee.
Mr. Turner introduced the following preamble and resolutions,
“Whereas several families from the neighborhood of San Patricio,
San Antonio & Refugio, whose husbands and fathers are in the
field have been driven by the enemy from their homes, and are now
in the colonies without homes or means of support: Be it therefore
Resolved That the agents, contractors and quartermasters be in-
structed and required to furnish such families with the necessary
rations for their support and sustenance, while their husbands and
fathers are in the field:”—which was laid on the table till to-
morrow.
Mr. Rusk introduced the following resolutions:
Resolved that a standing Com. on the state of the Republic .be
appointed by the President: which was laid on the table, under
the rule, till tomorrow.
(890 )