74
Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
On motion of Mr. Rusk that the committee rise, and the ques-
tion being taken, it was decided in the affirmative.
Whereupon the President resumed the chair; and Mr. Carson
reported that the Committee of the whole had had under consid-
eration the report of the Committee on the Constitution, and in-
structed him to report the report the same as amended.
On motion of Mr. Carson the report was received and agreed to.
On motion of Mr. Rusk:
Resolved that the Constitution as reported and amended be re-
ferred to a select committee of five, with directions to correct
errors and phraseology relating to the present provisions, with
leave to submit reflections by report; and the question being taken
thereon it was decided in the affirmative.
Whereupon the President appointed Messrs. Rusk, Gazley, Ham-
ilton, Gaines and Everett said Committee.
Mr. Barnett of W. laid before the Convention sundry communi-
cations from F. W. Smith; which were read and on motion of Mr.
Carson, the same were referred to the Military Committee.
On motion of Mr. Rusk—Resolved that the Committee on Mili-
tary affairs be instructed to make arrangements for furnishing
arms, munitions, &c. to a company of regulars on their march to
the frontier under the command of Lieutenant Teal.
And the question being taken thereon, it was decided in the
affirmative.
Mr. Goodrich laid before the Convention a communication:
which was read, and
On motion of Mr. Rusk the same was referred to the Military
Committee.
Mr. Conrad introduced the following, which was read,
"Whereas many individuals from the United States have left
their homes of peace and comfort to volunteer in the service of
this country and endure the hardships and perils of war, in its
struggle against Mexican tyranny; and have by their generous
patriotism and gallant conduct in the field earned our earnest
gratitude; therefore,
“Resolved that bounties of land be and are hereby granted to
said volunteers, as follows:
“To all who are now in service and shall continue in the service
faithfully during the war 1280 acres.
“To all who have served faithfully or who shall serve faithfully
for a period not less than six months 640 acres.
“To all who have served faithfully for a period not less than 3
months 320 acres.
“To all who shall enter the service previous to the 1st July next,
and shall continue in the service faithfully during the war, pro-
vided the war shall continue for a period more than six months
960 acres.
“To all who were at the siege of Bejar 640 acres.
( 894 )