Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
75
"To all who shall enter the service after the 1st July next, a
quantity proportioned to their services and to be hereafter deter-
mined.
“Resolved That the lawful heir or heirs of all such volunteers
as may have fallen or may hereafter fall in the present struggle
with the Mexican government, or who may have died, or may here-
after die from any accident whilst in the service of the Country
during the war, shall be granted the quantities of land which would
have been due the deceased under the colonization laws, as estab-
lished by the laws of the land had he survived, and that is to say,
one league and labor (---acres) for a man of family and one-
third of a league (------acres) for a single man. Also that the
said heir or heirs shall receive in additipn to the land granted as
aforesaid, a bounty of 640 acres, as decreed by the Council at San
Felipe on the 11th day of Dec. 1835.
“Resolved that every applicant for land under those claims shall
present a certificate from the proper officer under whose command
he served, the time of service, faithfulness, discharge &c. and that
the certificate shall be presented to a land commissioner or such
proper agent as might be established by law, as a voucher for the
correctness of the claims. Also that these claims may be located
on any unappropriated vacant land in the country, but no single
grant shall be located in more than one body, nor any grant of
1280 acres in any other form than 2 equal squares; nor any grant
of 960 acres in any other form than a square of 640 acres and an-
other square of 320 acres; nor any grant of 640 acres in any other
form than a square; nor any grant of 320 acres in any other form
than a square. The expenses of surveying, office fees &c shall be
borne by the claimant.
“Resolved that no bounty land as herein specified shall be con-
strued so as. to affect the rights and privileges to land under the
colonization laws as established by the laws of the land of any said
volunteer, any more than if it had not been granted.—
On motion of Mr. Childress, that the rule be suspended and the
preamble and resolution be put on their adoption; and at- the sug-
gestion of the introducer the same was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. Parmer the Convention adjourned till to-
morrow 9 o’clock.
TUESDAY, MAROE 15, 1836.
The Convention met pursuant to adjournment.
1. Mr. Potter chairman of a select committee to whom was re-
ferred that part of the Constitution in relation to lands made the
following report. *****
On motion of Mr. Gazley the same was referred to the select
( 895 )