76
Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
committee on the Constitution to correct errors and phraseology
of the same.
2. Mr. Fisher of Matagorda, chairman of committee on Naval
affairs made the following report on the African Slave trade.
“The committee to whom was referred a letter dated Velasco,
March 2d, 1836, from Wm. S. Fisher, Collector, beg leave to ob-
serve, that the subject matter of said letter is of such a nature as to •
involve several important legal questions, which your committee do
not consider come within the sphere of their duties; inasmuch as the
private rights of some of our valued and respected citizens are there-
in involved. Yet your committee feel bound to give it as their opin-
ion, that the introduction of African Negroes, is in contravention of
the existing Treaties between most nations, and the existing laws of
this land. And your committee have no hesitancy in stating their
views and belief of the extreme impolicy of either covertly or di-
rectly countenancing a traffic, which has called forth the indignant
condemnation of nearly the whole civilized world. It is to that civ-
ilized world that we now, in our present struggle look for sympathy,
and hope from that sympathy to extract assistance.—Almost every
nation has proclaimed against this traffic many years since, and de-
nounced it as “Piracy;” and we are bound to believe from the late
Message of his Majesty the King of Great Britain that, he has con-
cluded with Denmark, Sardinia and Sweden, new conventions cal-
culated to prevent it, and was in expectation of receiving a rati-
fication of a similar treaty with Spain—that he was engaged in
negotiating with other powers of Europe and South America for
similar purposes, and hopes ere long, the traffic will be entirely sup-
pressed.
Your committee therefore respectfully suggest that, as a nation
just ushered into existence, it most eminently becomes our duty
and policy to adapt our measures to the genius and spirit of the age.
We must be governed by the opinions of others—we must so regu-
late our infant steps as to deserve the kind and watchful solicitude
of older Nations. But while advocating the broad and abstract
■ principle of justice, let us not by taking a retrospective view, of a
doubtful and exciting question, interfere with or violate the just
rights of our citizens.
Your Committee therefore in presenting their individual and col-
lective views of the justice and policy of the Traffic in African Ne-
groes, would respectfully beg that your honorable body discharge
them from the further consideration of the subject, as being one
which does not properly come under their notice.”
On motion of Mr. Childress 1000 copies of the report were or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. Ellis laid before the Convention a communication from Ed-
ward Harcourt which was read and referred to the committee on
Military affairs.
( 896)