Proceedings. of the Convention at Washington.
77
On motion of Mr. Roberts that Capt. Teal and Lieut. Snell
he invited to take a seat within the.bar of the house—whereupon
they were invited by the President to take a seat within the same.
n motion of Mr. Thomas Eesolved that the Military commit-
tee be instructed to nquire whether there be a Quarter Master
General to the Army; by whom appointed whether he be in the
public service and what he has done to provide the Army with
means and necessaries and what may have been expended by him.
Resolved that they further enquire whether there be a Pay-
master, by whom appointed, whether he be on duty, and what
funds have been placed at his disposal and what disposition has
been made of them.
Resolved further that they be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of examining into the conduct of the late commandant
of the post of Goliad, and in what manner the public stores and
property have been expended and disposed of, and report' to this.
Convention as soon as possible.
And the question being taken thereon it was referred to the
Military Committee.
On motion of Mr. Goodrich Resolved that a committee on In-
dian affairs he appointed to examine and report upon the letter of
Mr. Frier communicated to this house; and the question being-
taken it was decided in the affirmative.
The President appointed Messrs. Goodrich, Robertson and Mav-
erick said committee.
On motion of Mr. Everett, Resolved that a committee of three
be appointed to superintend the making out and publishing a copy
of the proceedings of this house, and that said committee be au-
thorised to have 500 copies printed and distributed to the members
of the house for the benefit of their constituents, and that they
have power to forward documents by express riders. Adopted.
The President appointed Messrs. Everett, Fisher, and Gazley
said Committee.
On motion of Mr. Rusk Resolved that Henry Teal be appointed
a Captain in the regular army of Texas, and that the President of
this body issue to the said Teal the corresponding Commission..
Adopted.
On motion of Mr. Brigham Resolved That this Convention nomi-
nate and appoint three discreet and judicious persons resi-
dent citizens of the capital of each county or district in this re-
public; said three persons shall form a body politic and shall be
denominated a police of their respective Counties or districts in
which they belong, and the provisional government when formed
shall recognize and commission those persons so appointed by this
Convention as a police during the War, and assign special duties
to them; said persons forming this police shall not receive any
57 —VOL. 1.
(897)