80
Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
territory sought to he laid off in a county, and unless the said ter-
ritory shall contain nine hundred square miles”—and the question
being taken was decided in the affirmative.
A letter from Genl. Sam Houston, announcing the fall of the
Alamo, was read by the President.
On motion of Mr. Potter the Convention adjourned till tomor-
row 8 o’clock.—
March 16th, 1836.
Wednesday Morning, 9 o’clock.
The Convention met pursuant to adjournment and was called to
order by the President.
Mr. Collinsworth, Chairman of the Committee of Finance, sub-
mitted a report as to the claims of Messrs. McKinney & Williams
against the Government, which was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. Waller, an address to the people of the United
States of America, was ordered to be prepared to accompany the let-
ter of General Sam Houston, Commander in Chief of the Army, &c.,
announcing the fall of the Alamo.
Mr. Briscoe introduced the following resolution: Resolved, That
a committee of three be appointed to arrange for the publication of
the intelligence from San Antonio, which was, on the question
being taken, was decided in the negative.
Mr. Collinsworth, Chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
asked leave for said committee to be discharged, which was done.
On motion of Mr. Rusk, that portion of the Constitution de-
nominated the general provisions was taken up for its final reading.
Mr. Rusk offered the following amendment to the twelfth Sec-
tion, “and all titles issuing upon such Surveys shall be null and
void.” On motion the Ayes and Nays were taken and decided in
the Negative. Those who voted in the affirmative were Messrs.
Hardin, Legrand, Menard, Navaro, Roberts, Rusk, Smyth and Tay-
lor,—eight.—Those who voted in the Negative are Messrs. Bar-
nett of Washington, Briscoe, Blount, Badget, Brigham, Byrom,
Barnett of Austin, Bowers, Bunton, Collinsworth, Carson, Cole-
man, Childress, Clark, Crawford, Everette, Fisher, of Gonzales,
Fisher of Matagorda, Grimes, Goodrich, Hamilton, Hardiman,
Lacy, Latimore, Menefee, McKinney, Motley, Moore, Maverick,
Potter, Parmer, Pennington, Power. Robertson, Swisher, Stapp,
Stewart, Thomas, Turner, Waller, Wert, Woods, and Zavalla,
forty-three.
Mr. Parmer asked and obtained leave to be discharged from fur-
ther attendance as a delegate of this Convention.—Mr. Walker
asked and obtained leave to be discharged from further attend-
ance as a delegate to the Convention.
(900)