Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
81
Mr. Carson asked that the rules be suspended, with leave to
introduce the following resolution.—Resolved: That Spies be im-
mediately despatched under the direction of this house, for the
protection of this Convention and also; for the procuration of arms.
Mr. Power introduced the following resolution—Resolved: That
no member of this Convention shall be eligible to any office filled
by them while a sitting member, or four months after they vacate
their seats, Whereupon the question being taken the same was de-
cided in the Negative.
On motion Convention adjourned until Three o’clock, P. M.
THREE o’clock, P. M.
The Convention met pursuant to adjournment and was called
to Order by the President.
Mr. Isham Parmer Sergeant-at-Arms asked and obtained leave to
be discharged, which was granted.
On motion of Mr. Roberts, Charles Lay was appointed Sergeant-
at-Arms.
Mr. Gazley asked to be discharged from further attendance
delegate of the Convention, which was done.
Mr. Rusk introduced introduced the following resolution.-
as a
■Re-
solved. that John G. Love of the Municipality of San Augustine,
James English of Shelby, Soloman R. Peck: of Nacogdoches, S. B.
McMahan of Sabine, Joseph Wert of Jasper, are hereby authorized
and empowered to list the names of the Militia in their several
Municipalities and Organize them, which was adopted.
Mr. Rusk introduced the following resolution.—Resolved: That
J. W. Moody be authorized to raise a guard of at least four men,
and press Horses, waggons, provisions, to move in poor families
who are on the Colorado exposed to the ravages of the enemy.
Which was adopted.
The House On Motion of Mr. Thomas again took up the con-
sideration of that part of the Constitution denominated the “Gen-
eral Provisions”—whereupon Mr. Thomas moved that the twelfth
Section be amended by striking out the words “Eleven Leagues”—
The Ayes and Nays being Called, for, the same was decided in the
Negative. Twenty eight members being present, those who voted
in the affirmative are Messrs. Byrom, Fisher of Matagorda, Mav-
rick, Thomas, Zavalla, five— Those who voted in the Negative are
Messrs. Barnett of Washington, Blount, Badget, Brigham, Barnett
of Austin, Bowers, Carson, Clark, Crawford, Conrad, Everette,
Fisher of Gonzales, Gains, Hamilton, Legrand, Latimore, Menefee,
McKinney, Moore, Potter, Pennington, Power, Robertson, Rusk,
Swisher, Stepp, Smyth, Stewart, Turner, Wert, and Mr. President
Ellis with leave of the house. Twenty Eight.
Mr. Rusk introduced the following resolution.—Resolved: That
Col. Martin Parmer be, and he is hereby authorized to demand, re-
(901)