Proceedings of the Convention at Washington.
83
On motion of Mr. Everette the following preamble and Resolu-
tion was read.
Whereas Messrs. Wharton, Austin and Archer, the agents of the
Provisional Government of Texas have made contracts for loans,
with certain citizens of the United States of America, and Where-
as, the contract was to have been ratified by this Convention, and
Whereas, the present emergency of the country has compelled this
Convention to form an Executive Government, to whom plenary
powers are granted, and in as much as it would be difficult to take
into consideration the merits of the loan, with that reflection that
would be necessary to due justice to our country and the parties
concerned.
Be it therefore Resolved, That the documents and papers, and
all the information in the possession of this Convention be refered
to the Executive Government for their action, and that they be,
and are hereby impowered to ratify said loan or loans, or to make
such compromise as the good faith of our Country may require.—
And the question being taken thereon, it was decided in the af-
firmative.
The Hon. Saml. P. Carson Secretary of State of the Republic
laid before the House the following communication and Resolution.
Washington, 17th March, 1836.
To the Honl. The President of the Convention.
Sir:—I respectfully Submit to the Convention for their consid-
eration the propriety of authorizing the Executive Government
ad-interum to issue Treasury Notes to an amount adequate to the
present exigencies of the Country—And I would respectfully Sug-
gest that an early action of the House on this matter appears to me
important.
I have the honor to be, with high consideration,
Your Obt Servt
DAVID G. BURNET.
Resolved, that the Executive Government ad interum of the Re-
public be, and is hereby authorized to supply the wants and exi-
gencies of the Government by issuing Treasury Notes bassed on
the faith and Credit of the Republic, payable at the Treasury, and
to bear interest of eight per cent per annum, which notes shall be
receivable in payment of all debts due the Government.
Resolved that the also Executive Government' ad interum shall
have the power of regulating such as system of import tonage and
other duties as may be deemed necessary and expedient to meet
exigencies'of the Republic, subject to such alterations, as Congress
at the first meeting shall ot may direct.—And the question being
taken thereon, it was unanimously adopted.
( 903 )