4
Proceedings of the General Council.
“Resolved, that James Hall be, and he is hereby appointed a Judge to
execute all acts of a first judge in the Municipality of Washington, for
the time being, and until the place be regularly filled by this body.”
On motion, the Council adjourned till 9 o’clock Monday morning, or
sooner, if in the opinion of the President it should be thought necessary.
November 15, 1835. )
Council Hall, j
EIGHT o’clock, A. M.
The Council met on the call of the President.
On motion there was a committee of three appointed to take into con-
sideration the state of the army, with instructions to report thereon as
soon as practicable.
On motion the Council adjourned till 10 o’clock, A. M.
TEN O’CLOCK, A. N.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The President laid before the House several communications from dif-
ferent parts of the country, which were ordered to be read.
The committee appointed to take into consideration the state of the
army made the following report:
“Your committee to whom was referred the present state of our army,
now in the field, requesting a statement of our views in communicating
with them on the best course to be hereafter preserved, respectfully re-
port:
“That, in their opinion, the Governor and Council should not appoint
or commission any officers for the command of said army,unless pre-
viously elected or recommended by themselves, but that a confidential
correspondence be immediately opened with some of the most influential
and active officers of the present army, now before Bexar, that their
views and intentions may be distinctly understood, and, that a committee
of-----gentlemen be appointed to proceed immediately to headquarters,
with instructions from the Governor and Council in charge of this cor-
respondence, and should they find that the army must inevitably break
up, to advise a guarded and orderly retreat upon the Guadaloupe; but if,
in their opinion, they can sustain themselves in their present position
until the artillery, ammunition, &c., can be received from the United
States, and forwarded to that place, to do so by all means, and that this
body will do all in their power to sustain them, and provide for their com-
fort.”
WYLY MARTIN, )
HENRY MILLARD, L Committee.
J. D. CLEMENTS, )
On motion of Mr. Parmer, the report was unanimously adopted.
On motion of Mr. Parmer, the blanks in the above report, requiring
persons to be appointed to bear dispatches to the army, were filled with
the names of Thomas Gay and Wm. Pettus.
On motion, a committee was appointed to make extracts from several
( 552 )