Proceedings of the General Council.
7
tore down his sign and stamped it under foot, and says he is with the
people. The wagons have just arrived—I shall immediately load them
with arms and baggage, of camp No. 1, Texas Volunteers.”
In a letter from Mr. Ira Ingram, dated Goliad, October 31, 1835, we are
informed of the arrival there of twenty-five men, from Bay Prairie, which
enabled the commandant of that place to send on that day thirty-seven
men for reducing the garrison and fortress on the Nueces, the expedition
on the 30th ultimo. He also states that permanent peace has been made
with the Carancahua Indians—fifty men are kept at that post, generally,
in good health.and spirits.
By letters and enclosures from Thomas F. M’Kinney, and M’Kinney
& Williams; we give you the following—M’Kinney and Williams write
under date of the 9th instant:
“Enclosed you have a copy of a letter from a very confidential friend
of ours, at Tampico, 19th ultimo. We also state that the schooner Louis-
iana just arrived at New Orleans, from Mobile, where two thousand dol-
lars has been subscribed for the assistance of Texas.”
This letter gives the idea that the people of the United States are
coming in great numbers to our assistance. The Mexican schooner Monte-
zuma, with another vessel, is cruizing in the Gulf. The Vera Cruzana
is off Matagorda—more commissions for vessels in the Texas service are
requested. Enclosed in this letter is one from George Fisher, of New
Orleans, of a very confidential nature.
By the Tampico letter it is stated that a proclamation is issued rela-
tive to Texas, which has produced a great excitement there. A battalion
of five hundred men from that town, it is said, have marching orders for
Texas by Col. Gomez, at the request of Cos. We extract the following’:
“An express arrived here from Cos, for Gomez, a day or two since,
particulars not known. Texas has many friends in this state, and I am
confident that if she sustains herself for a few months, that the army in
-the interior will have work of more importance than ten of Texas. An
express relative to Texas left here for Mexico two days since, with orders
to reach there in four days. Santa Anna will demand money from the
churches, and report says will be on his march for Texas in a few months,
with about ten thousand men. I should not be surprised to see Santa
Anna here in Tampico, in sixty days, on his way to Matamoras, and
Texas. I hope that no doubts are now entertained in Texas as to his
intentions towards them; Gomez’s proclamation speaks for itself, he
swears that no Anglo-American shall be left in Texas—that he will drive
you as smoke before the wind.”
A letter enclosed from Mr. Fisher, of New Orleans, of the 4th inst.:
“In my last I have informed you of my plan of operations, and now
give you further and more ample advice. We will leave on the 6th inst.
for Tampico, armed and equipped as the circumstances require—every
thing there will be in readiness,—we shall be assisted by the steamboat
and its establishment at the bar,—pilot, &c., now wating for us; thence
we will proceed to Matamoras, where every thing is also provided, for
the Montezuma being in the Brazos Santiago per information six days
ago, must be a prize to us; there are at present in this port (New Orleans,)
seven Mexican vessels, including the Revenue Cutter, Santa Fe, for va-
rious destinations, if we get the Montezuma, as I hope we will, we will
soon form a squadron and stop the revenue of the usurper, which will
( 555 )