8
Proceedings of the General Council.
prevent his molesting you at sea. I am going in the capacity of secretary
to the expedition. We have some five officers, and about one hundred
and fifty men. Carabajal, Fernando De Leon, and Peter Car have char-
tered a vessel to leave here in a few days for the Gareitas, with provisions .
and merchandise for family use, as they say.
By a letter addressed to the Provisional Government of Texas, of the
4th inst., from the Acting Committee, &c., of the city of New Orleans.
We give the following extracts:
“The Committee of this city on the affairs of Texas, addressed you a
few lines on the 20th October, through Mr. E. Hall, who accompanied
the volunteers from this city, about one hundred and twenty, in all, sent
to your aid, where we hope their services will be useful; we now have the
pleasure of sending about thirty more, raised in Mobile and put under
control of this committee. The contemplated expedition under General
Mexia, of one hundred and fifty men, 'will sail to-morrow on board the
schooner Mary Jane, all well armed and provided for. Tampico is the
place of destination, which we have no doubt will be in his possession
in a few days. He will communicate with you after his arrival by ex-
press. We rejoice at the news of the first blow being struck,with success,
and we sincerely hope that others equally triumphant will be struck.
We shall continue our aid which you may command without reserve.”
A letter was received from T. F. M’Kinney, from the mouth of
the Brazos, dated 11th inst., 12 o’clock at night, which states in sub-
stance that he succeeded in getting off schooner San Felipe, aground in
Matagorday Bay; and will in a few days be ready for cruising off the
shores of Texas. The schooner William Robbins will go with her, that
they will immediately leave for New Orleans to negotiate a loan for one
hundred thousand dollars for present purposes—that if money is wanting
in the mean time, he will accept small drafts, 5 of 6 hundred dollars at
a time, until the loan is effected in the United States, he is fearful to have
larger bills drawn on him at one time, on account of the scarcity of
money in the country. By communications from the United States, he
entertains no doubt of obtaining men and money for Texas.—States that
a vessel is cruising off the coast, which exchanged several shots with the
San Felipe while she lay on the beach, on last Thursday,—thinks that
some shot hit the Mexican—she soon put out to sea. A large gun, 18
pounder, is at Matagorda, there being no balls, has not been forwarded
to the army—thinks that General Mexia’s enterprise will be important-
he is securing the steamboat boilers with a view to make here a safe
cruiser near shore.”
The commissioners sent out to the Indians report that considerable
dissatisfaction prevails among the northern Indians regarding their lands
in Texas, but are fully of opinion that no hostile movements will be
made if they can have any security their just rights will be protected;
the convention have already acted upon this subject decisively, and di-
rected the Governor and Council to take measures to satisfy them of our
friendship, and determination that their rights shall be fully respected.
The receivers of the public monies of the Department of Nacogdoches
having considerable amount of funds on hand have promptly surren-
dered them to the Provisional Government, which will in a few days be
in the Treasury. All from that quarter evinces liberality and patriotism.
(536)