Proceedings of the General Council.
9
We are satisfied from all reports that if we do justice to the northern In-
dians they will be out friends.
By a communication received from the Committee of Safety of Nacog-
cloches, of the 10th inst., from which we make the following extract:
"This committee beg leave to enclose a printed copy of a letter re-
ceived this morning from San Augustine, for' the information of the
Council, which printed document states in substance, That six hundred
and one volunteers from Tennessee have arrived at Natchitoches, besides
their other arms, having two'eighteen pounders, and the necessary sup-
plies, &c., destined for the Texas service, more daily expected at Nacog-
doches.’ Various opinions are entertained here by the members of the
Council as to the correctness of this information, but Judge Hood, one
of the committee sent out to the Indians, and who returned last evening
from San Augustine, states that he heard of volunteers from North Ala-
bama, and Tennessee, being on the way, and that the information was
generally believed there to be correct, and that great anxiety prevailed in
those sections of the United States, particularly, in favor of Texas.”
The preceding gives a clear view of all the intelligence in possession of
the Provisional Government, from the several sources named, all which
is submitted to this honorable body, to be forwarded by the President to
the army, agreeably to the foregoing resolution.
On motion of Mr. Millard, the above report was adopted.
Mr. Barrett, from the committee appointed to superintend the print-
ing of the proceedings of the Consultation, in pamphlet form, asked to
have the assistance of Mr. Kellogg in transcribing, which was granted.
It having been made known that Mr. Gay had declined bearing certain
despatches to the army, on motion, George M. Patrick was appointed to
supply his place.
His Excellency the Governor,.through Mr. Wharton, communicated
the following message:
Executive DEPRTNENT oe Texas.
To his Excellency the President^ and
Members of the Le-oislative Cottncil of all Texas:
GENTL.EMN—Called pon to discharge the duties of the supreme
Executive of the free and sovereign state of Texas, I commence the task
not withot mistrust of my abilities, but relying chiefly upon your sup-
port, and the indulgence of an intelligent and well disposed people, I
am inspired with confidence and cheered by the hope, that our united
eflorts to promote the public good, will not prove unavailing.
I triist that there is hot one of your body insensible to the many dan-
gers that threaten, surround and overhang our adopted country; that
there is not one who does not feel the importance of the great trust con-
fided, and who is not aware of the heavy responsibilities which necessarily
devolve upon us. In the onset, in the very beginning, ere one error is
committed, or an act performed, I call upon yo to summon to your as-
sistance moral courage; to throw around you the impenetrable shield of
honesty; to march onward in the pathway of duty, and undauntedly to
meet the dangers and obstacles which chance or design may throw in
( 557)