10
Proceedings of the General Council.
your way. If we cower or sink beneath the task, shame and disgrace,
await us, and ruin irretrievable, to our adopted country. Contemplate
the task before you, the dangers to be encountered, and the obstacles to
be removed or surmounted, and decline the task, or make a beginning
with a fixed determination, faithfully and fearlessly to perform, your
duties.
I thus take the liberty to admonish you, because no common duties
devolve upon you.
You have to call system from chaos: to start the wheels of government,
clogged and impeded as they are by conflicting interests, and by dis-
cordant materials. Without funds, without the munitions of war; with
an army in the field contending against a powerful foe. These are the
auspices under which we are forced to make a beginning.
3.	Our country is now involved in war. Our foe is far superior to us
in numbers and resources. Yet when I consider the stern materials of
which our army is composed, the gallant and heroic men that are now in
the field, I regard not the disparity of numbers, but am satisfied that we
could push our conquests even to the walls of Mexico. I earnestly recom-
mend that you adopt the most prompt and energetic measures in behalf
of the army; that you forthwith provide all the necessary munitions of
war, so that the army may not be cramped or impeded by remissness on
the part of the Government. And that you be careful to select agents
of known skill and science to purchase artillery and other munitions.
3.	Another important matter will require your immediate attention.
Our seaports and frontier towns are unprotected, and exposed to the
mercy of the enemy. The policy of having them well fortified must be
obvious to all. I therefore recommend the organization of a Civil and
Topographical Engineer Corps, and the commencement of the work of
fortification and defence without delay.
4.	I recommend the granting of Letters of Marque and Reprisal; by
doing which we cannot only prevent invasion by sea, but we can blockade
all the ports of Mexico, and destroy her commerce, and annoy and harrass
the enemy more in a few months, than by many years’ war, carried on
within our own limits. My own mind is satisfied that the whole of our
maritime operations can be carried on by foreign capital and foreign
enterprise. Already applications for commissions have been made; they
are willing to take the hazard, as such afford them every encouragement.
5.	Provisions have already been made for the organization of a corps
of Rangers, and I conceive it highly important that you should place a
bold, energetic and enterprising commander at their head. This corps
well managed, will prove a safeguard to our hitherto unprotected fron-
tier inhabitants, and prevent the depredations of those savage hordes
that infest our borders. I conceive this very important at this moment,
as it is known that the Mexican authorities have endeavored to engage
them in a war with us.
6.	Volunteers from foreign countries are daily reaching our shores
and enlisting in our cause. These gallant and chivalrous men are actu-
ated alone by the noblest motives; no sordid or mercenary considerations
have induced them to leave their homes and share our fate. Let us then
act with becoming generosity, and unasked give valor its reward. I rec-
ommend this not only that the world may know what are the induce-
(558)