12
Proceedings of the General Council.
we will be enabled to place Texas in a situation to become what the God
of Nature designed her to be, a land of Liberty and of Laws—of agricul-
ture and of commerce,—the pride and support of our lives, and a legacy
of price unspeakable to posterity.
HENRY SMITH.
San Felipe, 16th Nov., 1835.
On motion of Mr. Parmer, 500 copies of the above message were or-
dered to be printed in hand-bill form.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, Messrs. Parmer, Clements and Hanks were
appointed to provide a horse to go with an express to the army.
On motion of Mr. Perry, the Council went into an election of first and
second Judges for the Municipality of Viesca.
Whereupon, Joseph L. Hood and John Martin were put in nomination,
for the first and second Judges of that Municipality, and were duly-
elected.
On motion of Mt. Millard, the Council went into an election for first
and second Judges for the Municipality of Liberty.
Whereupon, Wm. Hardin and Henry W. Earley were put in nomina-
tion for the first and second Judges of that Municipality, and were duly
elected.
On motion of Mr. Wharton, the Lieutenant-Governor was requested
to issue an order in favor of Mr. Padilla for fifty dollars, and take his
individual note for the repayment.
On motion of Mr. A. Houston, the Council adjourned till 2 o’clock,
p. m.
TWO o'OLOOK, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Panner, from the Committee appointed to provide a horse and
courier to bear dispatches to the army reported that Mr. Urbane had a
horse which was at the service of the Council, on their paying him one-
hundred and sixty dollars, and that Mr. George M. Patrick would be the
bearer of the report to the army. Before the Council proceeded to act on
the report of the committee, Capt. John W. Moore offered, to the Council
a horse belonging to him for the purposes required, which was accepted.
Mr. A. E. C. Johnson tendered his resignation as a commissioner for
the department of Nacogdoches, under the 14th section of the Organic
law, which was accepted.
Mr. A. Houston presented the following resolution, which was adopted?
“Resolved, that Wm. M. Sigler, be appointed a commissioner for the
Department of Nacogdoches, in the plaice of A. E. C. Johnson, resigned,
to take charge of the Land-office papers, as directed by the 14th section
of the organic law.”
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the oath prescribed by the organic law,
was amended by inserting the words, “and I will faithfully perform and
execute the duties of my office, agreeably to law and the best of my abili-
ties,” before the words' “so help me God.”
Mr. A. Houston moved that accounts marked No. “1” and “2” be-
taken rip, which was negatived.
Mr. Parker offered the following resolution which was negatived:
( 560 )