Proceedings of the General Council.
13
“Resolved, that a committee of three be appointed to examine and
report to the Council the unfinished business of the Convention, which
it becomes the duty of this body to act upon.”
On motion of Mr. Millard, it was
“Resolved, that a committee of three be appointed to report what
standing committees it may be necessary to appoint on the several sub-
jects embraced in the message from the Governor, this day read to the
Council. The President named. Messrs. Millard, Martin, and Wharton
as that committee.
Mr. Barrett moved for the appointment of a Door-Keeper, agreed to.
Alexander Blair being put in nomination, was duly elected.
On motion of Mr. Wharton, it was
“Resolved, that the Council hold its morning session from 9 o’clock
to adjournment, and the evening session from 7 o’clock p. m., to adjourn-
ment.
On motion of Mr. Millard, the Council adjourned till 7 o’clock, p. m.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
November 16, 1835.	5
seven o’clock, p. 11.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Millard, from the committee appointed to report what standing
committees are necessary, made the following report, which was adopted:
“Your committee, to whom was referred the subject of naming the
standing committees of the General Council of all Texas, beg leave to
report:
“That they have had the subject under consideration, and respectfully
suggest the following for your consideration:
“A committee of three on the Affairs of the Army.
“A committee of three on the Affairs of the Navy.
"A committee of three on Fiscal Affairs.
“A committee of three on the Affairs of State.
“A committee of three on Land and Indian Affairs.”
HENRY MILLARD,
WYLY MARTIN,
J. A. WHARTON,
Chairman.
Committee.
Whereupon, the President announced the following standing com-
mittees.
Committee on Military Affairs—Messrs. Wharton, Houston and Hanks.
Committee on Affairs of State.—Messrs. Barrett, Padilla and Parker.
Committee on Naval Affairs—Messrs. Perry, Harris and West.
Committee on Land and Indian Affairs.—Messrs. Martin, Parmer and
Grimes.
Committee on Finance—Messrs. Millard, Wilson and Clements.
The .Governor’s message was again read, and the several subjects em-
braced in it were assigned to the several standing committees, thus:
The second, third and fifth sections, and so much of the sixth and
eleventh sections as relate to the Military operations, were referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
36—VOL. 1.
(561)