14
Proceedings of the General Council.
The fourth section was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The seventh section was referred to the Committee on Lands and In-
dian Affairs.
The fifth and ninth sections were referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.	'	•
The tenth, twelfth and thirteenth sections, and so much of the sixth
and eleventh sections as relate to State Affairs were referred to the Com-
mittee on State Affairs.
On motion of Mr. Harris, the Council adjourned till 9 o’clock, a. m.
Council Hall, )
November 17th, 1835. y
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journals having been read,
On motion of Mr. Millard, it was made the duty of the Secretary, in
addition to the motions and resolutions, to enter upon the journals the
reports of committees and the messages of the Governor.
The President submitted to the Council letters received from Messrs.
M'Kinney & Williams, and Mr. Grayson, which were read.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, so much of the letters just read as related
to matters connected with the army, was referred to the committee on
Military Affairs; so much as related to fiscal concerns was referred to the
Committee on Finance, and that part relating to other matters was re-
ferred to the committee on State Affairs.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, it was ordered that the words “and Judici-
ary” be added to the style of the Committee on Affairs of State.
Mr. Barrett presented a communication, recommending John W.
Moore for the office of Collector for the port of Galveston, which was
read, and ordered to lie on the table.
. On motion of Mr. Hanks, the proposition of Mr. Hotchkiss, laid on
the table yesterday, was taken up and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
On motion the Council adjourned (to afford the committees an oppor-
tunity to prepare their several reports,) till 7 o’clock, p. m.
SEVEN o’clock, p. m.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Padilla presented a communication asking for an interpreter to at-
tend him during the sitting of the Council, which was granted, and D. B.
Macomb was appointed interpreter.
Mr. Barrett, from the Committee on the Affairs of State and Judiciary,,
made the following report:
"To the honorable the General Council of Texas,
“Your committee to whom was referred such parts of the Governor’s
message as-relate to Affairs of State, &c., report,
“That the immediate appointment of a Treasurer to the Provisional
Government, whose duty shall be clearly defined, is now devolving upon
( 562 )