Proceedings of the General Council.
19
On motion of Mr. Houston, the foregoing report was adopted.
Accompanying the above report the committee presented an ordinance
making provision for the army now in the field, which was read, and, on
motion of Mr. Houston, the blank in the 5th section was filled by in-
serting the name of John W. Moore.
Mr. Barrett moved that one third part of the clothing be stricken out,
which was agreed to.
Mr. Wharton moved that one-third more be stricken out, which was
negatived.
Mr. Harris moved that one-third of the tents be stricken out, which
was agreed to.
Mr. Barrett proposed an amendment by adding the words “or tent
cloth, and needles and thread,” after “tents,” which was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, it was
“Resolved, that the contractor be instructed to go to Matagorda in
order if the articles called for in the ordinance could be purchased there
cheaper than in other places, to procure them there.
On motion of Mr. Houston the ordinance was laid on the table.
Mr. Barrett from the Committee on Affairs of State and Judiciary
presented an ordinance declaring the mode of passing, signing and pub-
lishing the ordinances, decrees and resolutions of the Provisional Govern-
ment of Texas, which was read and laid on the table.
Mr. Perry, from the Committee on Naval Affairs, presented the follow-
ing report:
“Your committee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred so much of
the Governor’s message as relates to the granting of letters of marque
and reprisal, have had the same under consideration and respectfully
report,
“Your committee are of opinion that the same should be granted un-
der the following principles and restrictions:
“1st. All persons applying for letters of marque and reprisal should
be men of known character, standing, and skill as naval tacticians, and
no license to cruise as such should be granted to any vessel under eighty
tons burthen, or carry less than four twelve pound carronades, or their
equivalent in metal.
“2nd. All vessels so licensed should cruize in the Gulf of Mexico, and
in no other waters, and should be permitted to war upon, capture or
make prize of all vessels sailing under the flag and under commission of
the Central Government of Mexico, and on no other.
“3rd. All prizes so captured should be ordered or brought into the
ports of Texas, and when there, adjudicated and condemned as prizes to
the captors, by the competent tribunals; there should be retained out of
the monies arising from the sale of said prize or prizes, twenty-five per
cent for the use or Texas, and be paid forthwith into the public Treasury
accordingly, and the balance to be paid over to the. captors, or their as-
signs, or legal representatives.
“4th. All persons to whom a license to cruise in the Gulf of Mexico,
as a letter of marque and reprisal shall have been given or may hereafter
be given shall give good and sufficient security in a bond, in the sum of
----------- thousand dollars, to be approved by the Governor and Coun-
( 567 )