22
Proceedings of the General Council.
our maritime borders, approach this part of the message, with manifest
feelings of satisfaction and delight, and announce their entire accord-
ance in opinion with his Excellency on this subject.
In submitting the result of their labours to this body, in search after
the requisite materials out of which to form the corps above described,
your committee have to confess that our country at this moment, what-.
ever it may possess of enterprise and skill, talent and industry, in other
branches of science, adapted to the more immediate necessities of a
• pioneer population, is nevertheless, almost entirely destitute of that
species of knowledge essential to the construction of fortifications and
works of defence, in Bays or Harbors, known technically as the art of
engineering. This subject requires the study of a whole life, and a
thorough acquaintance with its principles and practice, is only acquired
by an application severe, painful and unremitting. How can it be ex-
pected, therefore, that a corps of so high a grade of merit, talent, and
skill, should be found to exist in embryo as it were, among a population
so recently concentrated from various parts of the world, in this land of
our adoption. We may probably possess within ourselves the materials
necessary, but except in a very few instances they have not shown them-
selves to the consideration of a deserving and intelligent people.
Your committee therefore, in default thereof, recommend that we
direct our search to the United States, and procure from thence as many
gentlemen of acknowledged scientific attainments in this arm of defence
as may be necessary. And that this important duty be confided to our
three agents, Messrs. Austin, Archer and Wharton, who are soon to pro-
ceed on their mission.
Your committee with a view to the furtherance of the object of the
above report, herewith present to this body a bill, which in its enactments
will embrace all the objects contemplated in that part of the Governor’s
Message.
On motion of Mr. Millard, the foregoing report was received.
Mr. C. B. Stewart, the Secretary elect to the Executive, and enrolling
Clerk of the Council, appeared and took the oath prescribed by the or-
ganic law.
On motion of Mr. Perry, it was
“Resolved, that a standing committee of two be appointed by the
President to be termed the committee on enrollment; which was adopted.
Mr. Parker, introduced an ordinance and decree authorizing certain
officers to administer the oath of office prescribed by the organic law,
creating a provisional government in Texas;” which was read and or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. Millard, introduced, an ordinance entitled an ordinance and decree
regulating offices under the Provisional Government; which was read
and ordered to lie on the table.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the Council adjourned to half past 2 o’clock
p. m.
HALF PAST TWO o’clock, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The Governor returned “approved,” an ordinance making provision
for the army now in the field.
Mr. Parker, presented the following, which was adopted.
( 570 )