24
Proceedings of the General Council.
Mr. Barrett presented to the Council a communication from Mr. A.
Houston, resigning his seat as a member of the Council.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, it was
“Resolved, that the resignation be accepted, and that a vote of thanks
he tendered to Mr. Houston for his faithful discharge of his duties, not
only as a member of the Council, but as a delegate to the Consultation,
and that the same be entered on the Journals of the Council:” carried
unanimously.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, it was made the duty of the Secretary of
the Council to wait upon the Governor, and inform him of the vacancy
in the Council, occasioned by the resignation of Mr. Houston, and also
of the vacancy occasioned by the absence of Mr. Menifee, of Austin.
On motion the Council adjourned to 7 o’clock, p. m.
SEVEN o’clock, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. A. E. C. Johnson, supernumerary member from San Augustine,
presented himself, took the oath prescribed by the organic law, and was
admitted to a seat to supply the vacancy occasioned by the resignation
of Mr. Houston.
Mr. Perry, from the Committee on Naval Affairs, introduced an ordi-
nance and decree for granting letters of Marque and Reprisal, and for
the establishment of a Navy, which was read the first time.
Mr. Millard, moved to strike out “employ” which was agreed to.
Mr. Wharton, moved to strike out the last section, which was rejected.
The question was then taken on the passage of the ordinance, and de
cided in the affirmative.
The president submitted the following letter from Gen. S. F. Austin.
Head QUAETERS, BEFORE BEKAR,
November, 14th, 1835.
To the Consultation of Texas:
■ I have the satisfaction to inform you, that since my last, some im-
portant advantages have been gained over the enemy. Capt. Travis has
taken three hundred head of horses that were sent out of Bexar to
Loredo. They are poor horses and were taken out of Bexar about forty
miles.
The enemy is closely shut up in Bexar, and more and more discouraged
every day. All we need is perseverance and reinforcements, to keep up
the army. I entreat the Convention to hurry on reinforcements to keep
up the army, with all possible dispatch, and the campaign will soon end.
There is very little prospect that the enemy will get any aid from the
interior.
Respectfully,
Your obedient servant,
S. F. AUSTIN.
At the suggestion of the President, a committee of three consisting of
Messrs. Barrett, Parker and Hanks, were appointed to draft an address to
the people of Texas, which, together with the foregoing letter, should he
forthwith printed for wide circulation. To afford time to the committee
to prepare an address, the House took a recess of thirty minutes.
(572)