Proceedings of the General Council.
25
When the time expired, the Council re-assembled.
Mr. Barrett, from the committee, reported the following address.
Council Hall, San FELIPE de Austin,
November 19, 1835.
FELLOW-CITIZENS of Texas:
The foregoing letter has just been received and read before the General
Council, left in charge of the Provisional Government.
It speaks a language too cheering in prospect of success against our
enemies not to arouse the most ardent patriotism in the bosom of every
friend of liberty, and especially in the hearts of our fellow-citizens of
Texas. By a resolution unanimously adopted in your Council, we are
prompted to call upon our fellow-citizens to rally around the standard
of their country, and unite in accomplishing the glorious object contem-
plated in the letter from the Commanding General before Bexar, and rid
Texas of the last vestige of her enemies. -
The incitements to this, must be felt in every mind. Freedom and
the establishment of our rights are the objects, and glory is the certain
consequence of success. We assure you, fellow-citizens, that your army
now in the field has the warmest feelings, and most unalterable deter-
mination of your Representatives to give it aid, comfort and support.
Come then! Liberty and your'country call. The gratitude of your coun-
try will speedily be manifested through the representatives now assem-
bled, in substantial bounties and liberal rewards, such as brave and pa-
triotic men may ever hope from an intelligent and grateful people. It
may be satisfactory to volunteers, who engage in this glorious enterprize,
to know that all the supplies of provisions and clothing, suited to the
necessities of this inclement season, have been procured, and are procur- -
ing through the people’s agents, appointed for that purpose, and that
all their demands will be promptly answered. Let no discouraging re-
ports, or vague and undefined rumors prevent your hasty co-operation
with your brethren in the field: be assured that your representatives will
not deceive you, nor mis-direct your efforts. God and Liberty is the
watchword, peace and tranquillity your reward.
D. C. BARRETT,
Chairman. .
DANE. PARKER, ) c ...
WYATT HANKS, 5 -ommtttes
The preceding report having been read, was unanimously adopted, and
ordered to be signed by the President and Secretary, and all the mem-
bers present, and that the same be published in all the papers in Texas,
and 500 copies thereof be printed in hand-bill form for circulation.
JAMES W. ROBINSON,
Lieut. Governor, and ex-officio President of the
General-Council of Texas.
A. E. C. Johnson,
Jesse Grimes,
W. P. Harris,
Henry Millard,
P. B. Dexter,
Secretary of the General Council.
( 573 )
Martin Parmer,
Claiborne West,
J. D. Clements,
Juan Antonio Padilla.