26
lJroceed,mgs of the General Council.
Mr. Barrett presented the following resolution, which was adopted:
“Resolved, that a committee of five be appointed to report instructions
for the government of our agents, about to depart for the United States,
and report as soon as practicable.”
The President appointed Messrs. Wharton, Barrett, Parker, Millard
and Harris that committee.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, it was
“Resolved, that the committee on State Affairs and Judiciary be, and
they are hereby instructed to report an ordinance and. decree, pledging
the public land and faith of the country for the payment of the principal
and interest of any loan of money, or purchase of property, that the
agents appointed by this Convention may think proper to make and re-
port as soon as practicable.”
On motion, the Council adjourned till 9 o’clock to-morrow morning.
Council Hall, San Felipe de 'Austin, )
November 20th, 1835.	5
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the House took up the ordinance declaring
the mode of passing, signing, and publishing the ordinances, decrees and
resolutions of the Provisional Government of Texas, which was read, and
the question being taken on its final passage, was decided in the affirma-
tive.
The Executive’s Secretary presented the following message from the
Governor:
Executive Department of Texas.
To the honorable, the President, and
Members of the General Council.
Gentlemen—I have now before me your ordinances No. 1st and 2nd,
the 3rd having received my signature on account of its having been pre-
sented first; I would only suggest to your honorable body the propriety of
having their enactments presented in regular numerical order, inasmuch
as it would tend to make our journals more uniform and consistent. As it
respects the first ordinance, I only suggest its amendment so as to allow
the Executive the three full days from the time of its reception in that
department without regard to the date of its passage before the House;
with these remarks I herewith return the first decree, the second being
under consideration, and will be returned as soon as practicable.
With sentiments of the highest regard and consideration, I remain
Your obedient servant,
HENRY SMITH.
San Felipe, 20th November, 1835.
On motion of Mr. Parker, the ordinance declaring the mode of pass-
ing, signing, and publishing the ordinances, decrees and resolutions of
the Provisional Government, returned by the Governor, with objections,
was committed to the committee who reported it, with instructions to
amend it in conformity to the suggestions of the Governor.
(574)