Proceedings of the General Council.
27
On motion of Mr. Perry, certain documents in the Castilian language
were handed to J udge Chambers, with a request that he would translate
them for the benefit of the Council, which request he complied with.
On motion of Harris the Council adjourned till 7 o’clock p. m.
SEVEN O’CLOCK, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
On motion of Mr. Clements, the House took up the ordinance regu-
lating offices under the Provisional Government, when Mr. Clements
moved that the rule of the House be suspended, in order to its passing to
a third reading, which, upon a division being called for, was decided in
the affirmative, by the casting vote of the President.
The ordinance having been read a third time, the question on the mo-
tion of Mr. Parmer was taken on its final passage, and decided in the
affirmative.
Mr. Parker, from the Committee on State and the Judiciary, to whom,
was committed the ordinance declaring the mode of passing, signing, and
publishing the ordinances, decrees, and resolutions of the Provisional
Government, with instructions to amend the same, in conformity to the'
suggestions of the Governor, reported the same amended; whereupon,
on motion of Mr. Parmer, the ordinance, as amended, was passed.
The accounts of Wm. Stawder were presented, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
The Executive’s Secretary presented the following message from his
Excellency, the Governor.
Executive Department oe Texas.
To the honorable the President, and
members of the Legislative Council:
Gentlemen—The second ordinance, passed by your body, is now be-
fore me, and has received my serious consideration, so much of it as
goes to the establishing of the salaries of the different officers therein
named, I feel bound to object to. Inasmuch as the chosen delegates of
all Texas, in Convention assembled, determined to preserve strictly the
rules of economy, by rigidly expunging the names of offices well known
to be absolutely necessary for proper organization, it would now be
deemed in us, with whom the power has been deposited, a great error,,
or stretch of that power, if we should create offices, with what the peo-
ple should consider high salaries. I have every wish that the labourer-
should be well paid for his services, but inasmuch as we have not a rich
Treasury, and our country involved in war, I think much should be per-
formed through motives of patriotism. It must be evident to all, that
the Convention when voting the salaries of the Governor and Lieut.
Governor, were actuated from such motives, well knowing their offices
were the most arduous and responsible within their gift. And as such,
I consider all permanent officers should be graduated from them, and
allowed per annum salaries.
It is quite uncommon that the highest officers should receive the
lowest salaries. I therefore object to that part of the bill.
To the 6th and last decree in the bill, I object, for the following
reasons: There is no printing press at Washington, which I deem es-
(575)