Proceedings of the General, Council.
29
“That in the opinion of your committee this corps ought immediately
to be organized and put into active service, and with the view of rendering
its usefulness and members more conformable to the number of men in
each company of the regular army, your committee recommend that the
whole number of rangers be one hundred and sixty-eight, and conse-
quently these divided into three companies of fifty-six men each, to be
commanded by one Captain, and one 1st Lieutenant, and one 2nd Lieu-
tenant for each company; the whole number constituting a Battalion,
under the command of a Major.
“Your committee would further recommend the immediate appoint-
ment by the Council of all the officers of this corps, and that they report
to the commander-in-chief as soon as possible.
“Your committee present an ordinance to your honorable body for
adoption, which, in its enactments, embraces all the objects contem-
plated by the decree of the Convention.”
Which was read a first time and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. Wharton, from the Committee on Military Affairs, presented the
following report, accompanied by a bill of articles for the army of Texas:.
“The committee to whom was referred that part of the Governor’s-
message on the subject of providing the necessary munitions of war,,
make the following report:
“That they recommend to the Council the propriety of appointing
Branch T. Archer,
special agents to purchase
the annexed bill of munitions of war; that they be instructed to employ
agents of known skill and science to make the purchases—that they pro-
cure as many of the articles as .practicable in New Orleans, and forward
them without delay; and that they purchase the remainder so soon as they
arrive at the place where they can’be procured.”
JOHN A. WHARTON, Chairman..
The ordinance accompanying the above, was read a first time, and or-
dered to a second reading.
Mr. Wharton, from the Committee on Military Affairs, presented the
following report, accompanied by an ordinance and decree to raise a reg-
ular army.
“Your committee to whom was referred that part of the Governor’s
message relating to the army and its complete organization, and sup-
ply with provisions and munitions of war, have had the same under con-
sideration and beg leave to report,—
“Your committee, in viewing the numerical force of the army to be
organized and established by the organic law of the Convention, and the
different corps therein contemplated, have formed the following estimate
of that essential arm of our defence, whose amount and numbers have
been limited by that decree. The Convention has fixed the regular force
of Texas, besides permanent volunteers, and rangers, at 1120, rank and
file; and under these data your committee have proceeded to designate
what species of corps shall constitute the regular army, properly so
called.
“If the belligerent state of Texas did not warrant, and the Convention
had not decreed, that a part of the active force should consist of Perma-
nent Volunteers from the United States, and elsewhere, your committee
would not have been at a loss for a moment to determine and classify the
37 —VOL. 1.	( 577 )