30
Proceedings of the General Council.
regular army of Texas; but, inasmuch as we shall receive a large body of
volunteers from the United States, who must place themselves in the list
of that class, and the great majority of whom will be riflemen.
“Your committee have deemed it more conducive to the perfect or-
ganization of the army, to constitute one entire regiment of Artillery, and
one entire regiment of Infantry. This classification is predicated upon
the fact that the immediate defence of the sea coast, agreeably to the reso-
lution and decree of the Convention, will require five companies of artil-
lery at the different points therein indicated, and that there will be re-
quired for offensive operations in the ensuing campaign, against San An-
tonio de Bexar, one battalion, or five companies more.
“Your committee would therefore recommend the following organiza-
tion of the regular army, viz:
One regiment of Artillery,
One regiment of Infantry,
Total number, rank and file, as per decree,
560 men.
560 • “
1120
in this organization it follows that each regiment will consist of two
battalions, each battalion of five companies, and each company of fifty-
six men rank and file.
"The committe would suggest that as in all well regulated Military
•establishments, in every country, the officers of the Engineers and Ar-
tillery are selected from their superior science and education, and the
duties of an artillery officer must necessarily be acquired by an acquisi-
tion of at least the rudiments of the more exalted science of engineering,
and as they are frequently called to exercise their talents in both capaci-
ties, (as was formerly the case in the United States of America, before
the establishment of an Engineer Corps,) one additional Lieutenant- .
Colonel, and one additional Major be added, and one additional Lieuten-
•ant to each company in the corps of artillery as indispensable to the
double service contemplated. The regiment of artillery will de officered
.as follows:
One Colonel, two Lieutenant-Colonels, two Majors, ten Captains, ten
First Lieutenants, ten Second Lieutenants, and ten Third Lieutenants.
The regiment of infantry will be officered, as follows: One Colonel,
one Lieutenant-Colonel, one Major, ten Captains, ten First Lieutenants,
and ten Second Lieutenants.
The decree of the Convention, adopting the discipline and tactics and
the rules and regulations of the army of the United States of the North,
•as the governing principle of the Military code and discipline of the
army of Texas, places this subject of the labor of your committee at rest,
both as to its certainty and precision, and superior advantages of that
code.
“Your committee do not entertain a doubt of its entire applicability
to the circumstances, spirit and organization of our regular force, as
well as permanent volunteers and militia when in the field.
Your committee therefore recommend the passage of the accompany-
ing ordinance, and would respectfully urge upon the General Council, to
appoint at least one half of the officers immediately, from the Captains
•down, in order that when reported for duty, to the Commander in Chief,
( 578 )