32
Proceedings of the General Council.
Mr. Wharton, from the Committee on Military Affairs, presented the
following report:
Your committee to whom was referred that part of the Governor’s
Message, respecting the organization of the militia, have had the same
under consideration, and beg leave to report as follows:
Your committee having investigated the ordinance or decree of the
Convention, respecting the organization of the militia, would respect-
fully suggest, that in order to amend the decree so as to have effect, it
would be necessary that the Council should recommend three persons
in their several jurisdictions, whose duty it should be to carry the proc-
lamation of his Excellency into effect, and to divide the several jurisdic-
tions, into militia districts, to advertise and execute the mandate of the
Executive, in order that there be neither neglect or default.
On motion of Mr. Millard, the above report was received and referred
back to the committee that reported it, with instructions to report again
in form of an ordinance.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the House took up the ordinance for ap-
pointing a Treasurer to the Provisional Government of Texas, a Secre-
tary to the Executive, and two Chief Clerks, defining their several duties,
&c., returned by the Governor, the objections of the Governor having
been read.
The question was taken, shall this ordinance now pass, the veto of the
Governor to the contrary notwithstanding.
The ayes and noes being called, every member voted , in the negative.
Mr. Parker moved that the 6th section be adopted. The ayes and
noes were called for, which stood thus:
Ayes—Messrs. Barrett, Grimes, Parker and Parmer—4.
Noes—Messrs. Clements, Johnson, Millard, Harris, Hanks, Wilson,
West and Padilla—8. So the motion was lost.
The President appointed Mr. Johnson on the Committee on Land and
Indian Affairs.
Account marked No. 7, was presented to the Council, and on motion
of Mr. Barrett, the account was allowed, and an order granted on the
Treasury.
Mr. Millard from the Committee on Finance, presented the following
report:
Your Committee of Finance to whom was referred the accounts
marked 4 and 5, have had the same under consideration, and beg leave
to report that they are satisfied with the correctness of said orders, and
would move the adoption.
Mr. Barrett moved that the account marked 5 be acknowledged and
paid, which was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, Mr. Clements was requested to make out a
form for contractors on receipting for services rendered.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the ordinance for appointing a Treasurer,
&c., was referred back to the Committee on State Affairs and Judiciary.
On motion the Council adjourned to Monday morning nine o’clock.
(580)