Proceedings of the General Council.
33
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
November 22nd, 1335.	5
The Council met on the special order of the President.
The President submitted a letter from Capt. E. Hall, suggested the
propriety of granting a commission with letters of Marque and Reprisal
to Mr. A. C. Allen, which was read.
On motion of Mr. Harris, the ordinance for granting letters of Marque
and Reprisal, and for establishing a Navy, was taken up and read the
second time.
Mr. Harris, moved to amend the ordinance by inserting between the
words “Texas” and “that” the following, “that the Governor, by and
with the advice and consent of the Council, shall have power to grant
letters of Marque and Reprisal;” which was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. Millard, the rule in this case was suspended and the
ordinance was read the third time, when the question was taken on its
final passage and decided in the affirmative.
On motion of Mr. Palmer, the House took a recess of two hours.
At the expiration of that time the Council re-assembled.
Mr. Parmer presented the following, which was adopted.
Whereas, Major General Sam. Houston, Commander in Chief of the
forces of Texas has received a tender of the services of Lieut. James Bon-
nell, of the United States Army, and has expressed a decided wish to ac-
cept the services of Mr. Bonnell as an acomplished officer.
“Therefore, be it Resolved, by the General Council, that we recom-
mend the acceptance of the services of Mr. Bonnell, and his appointment
to the situation of Aid-de-Camp to the Commander-in-Chief."
The President submitted to the Council several communications from
Nacogdoches and San Augustine, which were read.
On motion of Mr. Harris, the resolution of the Committee of Safety
of San Augustine, dated October 29th, 1835, was referred to the Commit-
tee on Land and Indian Affairs.
On motion of Mr. Harris, it was
“Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs, select such mat-
ter from the communications from Nacogdoches as they may deem
proper, and report the same to the Council.
His Excellency the Governor, returned to the Council approved, a reso-
lution respecting Lieut. Bonnell, &c.
On motion of Mr. Hanks, it was
“Resolved, That Mr. Millard be appointed to procure the necessary sup-
plies for a company of volunteers, now on their way to the army.
The President laid before the Council the certificate of the election of
Messrs. Powers, Malone and Frazer, as delegates to the Consultation,
from the Municipality of Refugio.
Whereupon, on motion of Mr. Parmer, Mr. Power was notified that
he would be received as a member of the General Council.
On motion of Mr. Millard, the Council adjourned till 9 o’clock, to-
morrow morning.
(581)