36
Proceedings of the General Council.
Sec. 7. Be it ordained and decreed that the regimental staff shall con-
sist of one Adjutant, to be taken from the subaltern officers of the line,
one Quartermaster, one Paymaster, one Judge-Advocate, and one Ser-
geant-Major to be appointed by the Colonel.
Sec. 8. Be it ordained and decreed, &c., that the Governor, as com-
mander-in-chief of the militia, shall be entitled to four aids-de-camp, to
be appointed and commissioned by himself, with the rank of Colonel,
which were adopted.
When the ordinance was read a third time, and the question being
taken on its final passage, was decided in the affirmative.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the House took up the ordinance for ap-
pointing a Treasurer to the Provisional Government of Texas, a Secre-
tary to the Executive, and two Chief Clerks, defining their several duties,
&c., which (the rule of the House having been suspended,) was read a
second and third time, when the question was taken on its final passage,
and decided in the affirmative.
On motion of Mr. Parmer, Mr. Power was added to the standing Com-
mittee on Land and Indian Affairs.
Mr. Harris, from the Select Committee on the election of Mr. West-
over, presented the following report:
Your committee to whom was referred the affairs of Mr. Westover,
member or delegate elect from Goliad, to the Convention of Texas, beg
leave to report, that they have had all the information relative to, and
circumstances of the election of, Mr. Westover before them that they
can procure, and that it is necessary to convince your committee that
Mr. Westover is entitled to a seat in this Council.
WM. P. HARRIS, Chairman.
Which report was adopted.
Whereupon, the President requested Mr. Wilson to announce to Mr.
Westover that he could take his seat in the Council.
Mr. Westover presented himself, took the oath of office prescribed by
the organic law, and was admitted as a member.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the House took up the ordinance for the
organization of a corps of Rangers, which was read a third time, when
the question was taken on its final passage, and decided in the affirmative.
Accounts marked 8 and 9 were laid before the House, and, on motion,
were referred to the Committee on Finance.
The Council then took up the ordinance prescribing the manner and
form of settling the accounts of the volunteer army of the people of
Texas, which was read a second time.
Mr. Grimes moved to amend the ordinance by adding the word “boats”
among the items of charges, &c., which was agreed to.
On motion, the rule of the House was suspended, and the ordinance was
read a third time, when the question was taken on its final passage and
decided in the affirmative.
Mr. Millard, from the Committee of Enrollments, presented, as duly
enrolled, an ordinance authorizing certain officers to administer the oath
of office prescribed by the organic law, creating a Provisional Government
i Texas.
The Council then took up the ordinance to raise a regular army, which
was read a third time, when the question was taken on its final passage
and decided in the affirmative.
( 584 )