Proceedings of the General Council.
37
The Council then took up the ordinance to purchase munitions of war,
provisions, arms, &c., for the army of Texas, and the defence of the sea
coast, which, after some consideration, was ordered to lie on the table
until to-morrow.
On motion of Mr. Grimes, it was
“Eesolved, that all accounts presented to the Council for allowance,
&c., shall be referred to the Committee on Finance, and that they be
required to report by ordinance or otherwise.”
Account marked No. 10 was laid before the Council, and, on motion
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
A communication was submitted to the Council, from Mr. Johnson,
resigning his seat in the Council, on account of ill health, which, on mo-
tion of Mr. Parmer, was accepted.
On motion of Mr. Parmer, it was made the duty of the Secretary to
■communicate to the Governor the vacancy in the Council, occasioned by
the resignation of Mr. Johnson.
The Executive’s Secretary presented the following message from his
Excellency the Governor:
Executive DEPABTMIENT of Texas.
To the honorable, the President, and
Members of the Legislative Council of Texas:
GENTLEMEN—I have under review three bills which have been passed
by your body, and forwarded to this department. I have duly consid-
ered the same, and herewith transmit them, with such remarks as ap-
peared to me consistent.
The bill authorizing Thomas F. M’Kinney to proceed to borrow, for
the use of the Provisional Government, the sum therein named. I have
■only to suggest to your body the impropriety of employing agents with
powers which may conflict with the duties and powers of our general
agents, elected by the Convention, with a view to be immediately dis-
patched, with full and ample powers to perform all the duties incorpo-
rated in said bill, who will also be authorized and instructed by your
body to perform all such other duties as the nature of their mission and
the exigencies of the country may require.
I would only suggest to your honorable body the propriety of making
■out instructions, with the proper commissions to those agents thus elect-
ed, in order that they be immediately dispatched to perform the duties
assigned to them. And that a committee of fit and suitable persons be
appointed to take this matter under their consideration. And in the
event that those agents specially appointed by the Convention do not
present themselves, that you immediately proceed to appoint others who
will serve; this is a matter which I consider of the most vital importance,
and deserves your prompt attention.
The ordinance next under my consideration, is the ordinance and de-
cree regulating offices under the Provisional Government which I ap-
prove and have signed.
The next in order is the ordinance establishing a Navy, and granting
letters of marque and reprisal. To this bill I am bound to object as it
now stands. The privileges granted to privateers seems to me rather
unbounded.—That this Government takes all the responsibilities with-
out any interest in the captures which may be made.
( 585)