38
Proceedings of the General Council.
If prizes are brought into our ports, the Government will be at the ex-
pense of adjudication and sale, without remuneration, provided they
should be found lawful prizes, if not lawful prizes they will be bound to
make remuneration for the act of their commissioned agents, who have
brought into our ports prizes which cannot be condemned and sold as
such. Besides, I consider, agreeably to the provisions of the- ordinance,
that privateers would have an unbridled licence to roam at large, with-
out being particularly under the control of the Government, and kept
within limits calculated to protect our own commerce, and might, in the
end, be productive of more injury than good. And, notwithstanding I
have recommended and urged the granting of letters of marque and re-
prisal, if they are not commissioned in a manner calculated to promote
the public good by annoying our enemies and protecting our own com-
merce, they might prove injurious to the Government rather than an
advantage. As such I would like, if commissions are issued, that they
would not derogate from similar privileges granted by other govern-
ments.
As it respects that part of the bill making provisions for the creation
of a Navy. If it should be made out in a separate bill for that purpose,
it would appear much better, and would entirely meet my views, as I
deem it entirely necessary for the protection of our commerce. It is
highly probable that those persons wishing to fit out privateers would
tender their vessels and services to the Government, by having the proper
guarantees, and submit themselves entirely to the control and super-
vision of the Government. This, if it could be effected, would be much
better than granting an unbridled, roaming license to privateers, which
would neither be productive of security or profit to the Government. I
would therefore suggest the propriety of separating the substantive mat-
ter of the bill, and introduce one solely for the purposes of creating a
Navy on proper principles, and leaving out the provision for granting
letters of marque and reprisal, unless your honorable body may think
proper to introduce it in a different shape, I am well aware that no good
could result from granting commissions as contemplated by that portion
of the bill and as such object to it.
I take this opportunity further to remind your body of the propriety
of making, without delay, the necessary enactments calculated to au-
thorize the commander-in-chief of the forces of Texas to issue his proc-
lamation, in order that volunteers, and other troops, daily arriving on
our shores, and from various parts of the country, may know to whom
they shall report, and to whom they shall hold themselves amenable,
either as volunteers for a specific time, or as recruits to the regular army,
I deem it entirely uncalled for, and even imprudent, to furnish troops
with clothing or other outfit, without a guarantee to know to whom they
will submit themselves, or what the term of their service shall be.
With these hasty remarks I forward the bills enumerated, hoping your
honorable body will make such disposition of my remarks as their better
judgment may direct.
With sentiments of regard and consideration, I am
Your obedient servant,
HENRY SMITH,
Governor.
November 24th, 1835.
( 586 )