Proceedings of the General Council.
43
“An ordinance and decree to raise a regular army.
“'An ordinance for appointing a Treasurer to the Provisional Govern-
ment of Texas; a Secretary to the Executive; and two Chief Clerks, de-
fining their several duties, &c.
“An ordinance prescribing the manner and form of settling the ac-
counts of the volunteer army of Texas.”
- On motion of Mr. Wharton, the Council went into secret session, and,
after some time spent therein, the doors were opened, when, on motion,
the Council adjourned till 9 o’clock to-morrow morning.
COUNCIL Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
November 27th, 1835.	)
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journals of yesterday’s proceedings having been read,
Mr. Harris, by leave of the Council, introduced an ordinance and de-
cree for advancing the sum of fifteen hundred dollars, for the benefit of
the volunteer army of the people, under command of Gen. S. F. Austin,
which was read a first time.
On motion of Mr. Harris, the rule of the House was suspended, and the
ordinance read a second time.
Mr. Wharton moved that the second section be stricken out, which
was "negatived.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the rule of the House was further suspended,
.and the ordinance read the third time, when the question was taken on
its final passage, and decided in the affirmative: so the ordinance passed.
On motion of Mr. Parker, the title of the ordinance was amended by
adding at the end the words “and for other purpose.”
Mr. Hanks, from the Committee on Military Affairs, reported an or-
dinance appointing a Commissary to take charge of volunteers for the
army, and defining his duties, which was read the first time, and, the rule
of the House being suspended, was read a second time, when, on motion
of Mr. Hanks, the rule of the House was further suspended, and the
ordinance read a third time, when the question was taken on its final
passage, and decided in the affirmative: so the ordinance passed.
Mr. Hanks, from the Committee on Military Affairs, introduced an or-
dinance prescribing the manner in. which volunteers shall report them-
selves, &c., &e., which was read the first time, and ordered to lie on the
table.
On motion of Mr. Pamer, the Council went into secret session, and, after
sometime spent therein the doors were opened, and the President laid be-
fore the House a report from Mr. Minard, one of the Commissioners who
had been appointed to proceed to the east, and hold a consultation with
the northern Indians, and to receive of the public officers of the depart-
ment of Nacogdoches, the monies in their hands, belonging to the State
of Coahuila and Texas, which was read and ordered to lie on the table
until to-morrow.
(591 )