44
Proceedings of the General Council.
On the nomination of Mr. Barrett, Mr. Joshua Fletcher was elected
Treasurer “pro. tem.” of the Provisional Government of Texas.
On motion of Mr. Clements, Mt. Barrett was requested to call on Mr.
Fletcher, and inform him of his election.
Mr. Millard from the Committee on Finance, presented a a report, rec-
ommending the allowance of Mrs. A. B. Peyton’s account, which was read
and ordered to lie on the table.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, it was
Eesolved, that the President draw an order on Dr. C. B. Stewart, in
favor of Alexander Blair, for forty dollars, for the purpose of purchasing
stationary, &c., &c.
Mr. Millard, by leave of the Council, introduced an ordinance to ap-
point an Enrolling Clerk, which was read a first time, and ordered to lie'
on the table.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, it was
Eesolved, that the room adjoining the Council-Hall be appropriated
for the use of the Secretary of the Council.
On motion, the Council, adjourned till 7 o’clock, p. m.
SEVEN O’CLOCK, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The President laid before the Council a communication from the
chairman of the Committee of Safety, of Matagorda, informing the Coun-
cil that said Committee had drawn on the Government for five hundred
dollars, which was read, and, on motion of Mr. Parker, the communica-
tion, together with so much of the report of Mr. Minard, submitted’this
morning, as relates to public monies, and the communications heretofore
submitted to the Council from the Committee of Safety of Nacogdoches,,
on the subject of advances, were referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. Harris reported, as duly enrolled, an ordinance and decree for ad-
vancing the sum of fifteen hundred dollars, for the benefit of the volun-
teer army of the People, under command of Gen. S. F. Austin, and other
purposes.
The Executive’s Secretary presented the following message from his
Excellency, the Governor:
Executive DEPARTMENT of Texas.
To the Honorable, the President, and
Members of the Legislative Council:
GENTLEMEN—I have had under consideration the following ordinances
passed hy your body, viz:
“An ordinance for granting letters of marque and reprisal.
"A decree for establishing a Navy.
“An ordinance regulating the Militia.”
The ordinance appointing Thomas F. M’Kinney for the purposes
therein named, which has been passed by a constitutional majority, has
now received my signature, as well, also, as the one appropriating money
for the use of the army, &c., all of which I herewith transmit.
I transmit also for the information of your body a communication, re-
( 592)