Proceedings of the General Council.
.45
ceived by express, from head-quarters, which you will use as circum-
stances may direct.
With sentiments &c., &c.,
Your obedient servant,
HENRY SMITH,
Governor.
November, 27th 1835.
The foregoing having been read,
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the Council went into secret session, and
after some time spent therein, the doors were opened.
Mr. Millard, from the Committee on Finance, presented the following
report,—
Your Committee, to whom was referred that part of the Governor’s
message recommending the establishment of a Tariff, and the appoint-
ment of Revenue Officers, &c., beg leave to report,—
In surveying the vast resources possessed by Texas, whether consid-
ered in a national point of view, or merely with reference to raising a
revenue and establishing a system of permanent income, available at
all times, and considered as the positive wealth of the State. The sub-
ject presents a more extensive field for the consideration of the politician
and economist than at first anticipated.	v
In a government such as Texas presents to the world, when the vessel
of state has only just been launched into her proper element, possess-
ing all the strength and symmetry, all the fine proportions and superior
workmanship of a well constructed ship, it would be a source of great
regret if the operations and objects for which it was created should be
crippled or entirely lost, when the facilities afforded by such extensive
resources were controllable and so completely within our reach.
That money is the sinew of war, is an adage to the truth of which
the most ignorant and unpretending in politcal economy must subscribe,
and which in our peculiar circumstances is most apposite and applicable,
and the operations of any belligerent power are active and efficient, crip-
pled or successful in proportion to the quantum of available means to
carry on its measures offensive and defensive. In this state we find our-
selves, with every basis of permanent income, and every source of reve-
nue of a civilized people possessing an area of 250,000 square miles of
territory—an agricultural community of upwards of 50,000 souls, already
reaping the fruits of their hardy labours and enterprize, and an extended
sea cost with fine bays and harbours inviting the commerce of the world.
Where are these resources? What do they consist of? and to what
amount are they available ? An answer to these questions will con-
stitute the report of your committee.
What are the resources of Texas? and what do they consist of?
If a geographical test only were applied the answer would soon be
given. Point to the map and compare the area of Texas, with that of any
state of the United States of America, and we shall find that she com-
prises, within her limits, as much territory as four of the largest states
of the Union put together, to wit: New York, Pennsylvania, Virginia
and Ohio, or if we consider her with reference to the sustension of a
dense population, and her consequent ability to support the expenses of
a Government, we must assign her a station immeasurably above some
38—vol.i.	(593)