48
Proceedings of the General Council.
necessarily be attended with a smaller number of revenue officers to
carry it into effect.
The establishment by law of ports of entry, and delivery, and the ap-
pointment of a Collector, and Deputy Collectors. Surveyors and Inspec-
tors, recommended and nominated by himself, subject to his order and
directions, and accountable to him for the faithful performance of the
duties of their offices, and the Collectors to be subject to the orders of
the Governor and Council, and the laws and regulations to be hereafter
enacted for the Government of this branch of the revenue. The depu-
ties, &c., to be located at such points within the District, whether on
the sea-coast or upon the land-frontier, according to its probable ex-
posure to infractions of the revenue law.
It will become necessary, in order further to carry into effect the reve-
nue laws hereafter to be enacted, to divide the whole coast into revenue
districts. Your committee have decided upon the following division of
the coast, which is naturally suggested by its geographical as well as
topographical features.	■
Hirst. All that part of the coast lying between the Sabine and Caney
creek, comprehending the ports of Sabine, Galveston, and Velasco, and
all others that may be hereafter established within the said limits, to be
called the Eastern district.
Second. All that part of the coast lying between Caney creek and the
Western boundary of Texas, comprehending the ports of Matagorda, La-
vaca, Copano, and all others which may hereafter be established within
the said limits to be called the Western district.
But your committee cannot conceal the fact, that although the picture
here presented, of the fiscal resources of our infant Government, is flat-
tering and exhilarating in the highest degree, to the patriot and states-
man, and that the revenue both permanent and available, is destined to-
become with proper nursery and management, the physical arm of the
Government, which is to preserve our existence, as a free and enlightened
people, among the nations of the earth. Yet the urgent, pressing, and
unavoidable exigencies and immediate necessities of our State, thus
thrown suddenly into existence and compelled to rely on her own re-
sources, great as they are, but not immediately controllable: in fine, a
people passing from a state of nature to the highest grade of civil society,
and appearing fresh from the parturrition, like Minerva from the head
of Jupiter, panoplied and armed with all the intelligence and strength,
all the vigor and combined action of a nation, long since arrived at
maturity, require a fund to which it can immediately recur, to answer
the urgent calls and pressing demands upon its Treasury.
Your committee have not been able to fix upon a project possessing
in a greater degree all the essential requisites of speedy operation, and
combining celerity and certainty in its accomplishment, than that sug-
gested by a loan. It is a well ascertained fact that the money market
in the United States, is glutted. at this time with that commodity, and
that should the infant Government of Texas present herself on "change"
she will stand with all her resources and capacities to pay, among the
highest on the list of favoured borrowers.
In presenting to the consideration and sanction of the Council of the
Provisional Government, a measure, not on all occasions deemed politic
or advisable in which the credit of the State, will be brought thus early
( 596 )