50
Proceedings of the General Council.
Mr. Parker from the Select Committee, on the state of the army, ap-
pointed in secret session, reported an ordinance for the purchasing pro-
visions for the volunteer army of the people of Texas, which was read a
first time, and, on motion of Mr. Parker, the rule of the House was dis-
pensed with, and the ordinance read a second time.
On motion of Mt. Power, the blank in the second section was filled
with the name of John Dunn.
On motion of Mr. Parmer, the ordinance was amended by adding the
words “to be conveyed by water to the Copano landing, and from thence,”
between the words “same” and “to be” in section second.
The rule of the House was further suspended and the ordinance read
a third time, when the question was taken on its final passage and decided
in the affirmative. So the ordinance was passed.
The Executive’s Secretary presented the following message from his
Excellency the Governor:
Executive Department of Texas.
To the Honorable, the President, and
Members of the Legislative Council of Texas:
GENTLEMEN-
Convention.
A resolution
Much time has elapsed since the adjournment of the
was entered into by that body, that their acts should be
published and circulated, and a committee was appointed by that body,
to attend particularly to that matter. The publication has not yet ap-
peared, nor do I know in what state of progress it may be. It is a matter
of the highest importance, and about which much interest is felt, and its
delay or suppression from the public eye, has already and will continue to
create, not only great inconvenience, but absolute distrust and misrepre-
sentation. I confidently hope that your body will forthwith institute an
inquiry into the matter, and never cease your exertions until that matter
is brought before the public in its proper shape. It is entirely useless
to send forth commissions, until the organic and other necessary laws
are transmitted with them.
With sentiments, &c., &c.
I am, gentlemen,
Your obedient servant,
HENRY SMITH,
Governor.
San Philipe, November 28th, 1835.
The foregoing having been read was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. Clements presented the account of L. Smithers, which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. Hanks, by leave, introduced an ordinance and decree, supplemental
to an ordinance and decree, appointing a commissary to take charge of
volunteers of the army, and defining his duties, passed November 27th,
1835, which was read a first time, and on motion of Mr. Hanks, the rule
of the House was suspended, and the ordinance read a second and third
time, when the question was taken on its final passage and decided in
the affirmative: and so the ordinance passed.
On motion the Council adjourned till seven o’clock p. m.
( 598 )