Proceedings of the General Council.
57
&c., was received, accompaaied by an appointment from General Burle-
son to Wm. Pettus, as commissary, and a memorandum from General
Burleson of certain articles wanted for the volunteer army; also, an ap-
pointment from William Pettus to Mr. Caldwell, as sub-commissary, &c.,
all of which were read.
General Austin made some statements in explanation of the report,
and returned to the Council the instructions relative of money advanced
for the volunteer army.
On motion of Mr. Parker, it was
“Resolved, that Mr. Thomas Gay be requested to-delay his starting to
■ the army until this House have time to act on the communications of
Wm. Pettus and George M. Patrick, just received from the army, now
in the field, and that the said communications be referred to a Select
Committee, composed of Messrs. Millard, Harris and Clements to report
as soon as practicable.”
By leave, General Houston presented to the Council one hundred dol-
lars, a donation from John Hutchins, of Natchez, Mississippi, to the
Provisional Government, for the use of Texas, in her present struggle
for Liberty.
Mr. Harris, by leave, laid before the Council a report from Capt. Burke,
of the Mobile Volunteers, to General Houston, which was read, and, on
motion of Mr. Hanks, approved.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, it was
“Resolved, that General Austin be invited, at all times, to take a seat
within the bar of the House.”
General Austin tenderd his thanks to the Council for the kindness
and attention shewn him.
Mr. Millard presented the following resolution, which was adopted
unanimously:
“Resolved, that the thanks of the General Council of the Provisional
Government of Texas, be, and they are hereby presented to John Hutch-
ins, of Natchez, Mississippi, for the interest and zeal he has evinced in
the cause of Texas, and particularly for his liberal donation to this Gov-
ernment, of one hundred dollars, to defray the expenses of -this Govern-
ment, and to assist their efforts for the security and establishment of their
• constitutional liberty, against the tyranny and oppression of the govern-
ment of the usurper, Santa Anna.”
Mr. Millard moved that a copy of the foregoing resolution, signed by
the President and Secretary, be forwarded to Mr. Hutchins, which was
agreed to.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, James Kerr was admitted as a member,
of the Council from the Municipality of Matagorda.
Mr. Kerr was sworn and took his seat.
On motion of Mr. Power, it was
“Resolved, that Col. Gonzales be permitted to come before the Council
and state his views with respect to joining the army at Bexar.”
Mr. Millard from the Committee on Finance presented the following
report:
“Your Committee on Finance to whom was referred the accounts and
papers of Mr. L. Smithers, have had the same under consideration, and
ask leave to report,—
( 605)