Proceedings of the General Council.
59
and fraught with dangers, requiring the ready energies of every member
of the community, should, in the opinion of your committee, be pro-
claimed to the world.
A general confidence in the integrity of a Government by its determi-
nation to regulate its every movement by an equal and exact justice, is
.always important to the tranquillity of any community, especially in an
unsettled and revolutionary state, where so much, if not all, safety de-
pends on the moral sense of the citizens, with these views, your commit-
tee respectfully advise the passing of an ordinance approving the acts
and advances of Thomas E. M’Kinney, for Texas, and appointing the
.said M’Kinney an Agent, &c., &c.
D. C. BARRETT, Chairman.
DANIEL PARKER,
MARTIN PARMER,
Council-Hall, 29th November, 1835.
Committee.
The foregoing report having been read was unanimously adopted, and,
on motion of Mr. Barrett, it was
“Resolved, that a copy of the foregoing report be forwarded to Mi',
M’Kinney."
On motion the Council adjourned till 7 o’clock, p. m.
SEVEN O’CLOCK, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The Executive’s Secretary presented the following message from his
Excellency the Governor:
Executive Department of Texas,
To the Honorable, the President, and
Members of the Legislative Council:
Gentlemen—I transmit to your body the following bills, which have
received my approval and signature, viz:
One appointing a Commissary to take charge of volunteers, &c.
An ordinance to purchase munitions of war, provisions, arms, &c.
One for the purchase of provisions, &c., for the use of the army. As
well as a supplemental decree for the purpose therein named.
I also transmit to your body a letter from Major B. F. Smith, which
you may use as you may deem it properly merits.
I also take the opportunity to inform your body that Mr. Gail Borden,
jr., recently commissioned as Second Judge for the Jurisdiction of Aus-
tin, has this day tendered his resignation, for reasons plausible and sub-
stantial, you will therefore proceed to fill the vacancy, as the first Judge
is absent.
With sentiments, &c. &c.
Your obedient servant,
San Felipe, November 28th, 1835.
HENRY SMITH,
Governor.
Mr. Kerr presented the certificate of the election of John M’Mullen,
■John W. Bower and Lewis Ayres, as members of the Convention, from
(607)