60
Proceedings of the General Council.
the Municipality of San Patricio, which was ordered to he filed among
the papers of the Convention.
The President laid before the Council a communication from George
J. W. Thyer, tendering his services in the Navy of Texas.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the services of Mr. Thayer were accepted.
Mr. Westover tendered the services of Wm. H. Leving in the Navy of
Texas, which was accepted.
The President tendered the services of Robert Potter in the Navy of
Texas, which, on motion of Mr. Barrett, was accepted.
Mr. Harris tendered the services of Norman Heard in the Navy of
Texas, which was also accepted.
Mr. Kerr, by leave, introduced an ordinance creating a Municipality
off of, and from the west side of the present Municipality of Matagorda,
which was read a first time and ordered to a second reading to-morrow.
Mr. West, by leave, introduced an ordinance and decree authorizing
and requiring the Governor to appoint a commissioner in the. several
municipalities, to administer oaths, &c., which was read a first time.
On motion of Mr. Westover, the rule of the House was suspended and
the ordinance read a second and third time, when the question was taken
on its final passage and decided in the affirmative: so the ordinance
passed.
Mr. Barrett, by leave, introduced an ordinance and decree authorizing
the Governor to grant registers to vessels, &c., which was read a first
time.
On motion of Mr. Parker, the rule of the House was suspended, and
the ordinance read a second and third time, when the question was taken
on its final passage and decided in the affirmative: so the ordinance
passed.
The President laid before the House a communication from S. Dins-
more, on the subject of letters of marque and reprisal, which was read
and ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. Barrett presented the account of the door-keeper, which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
On motion of Mr. Hanks, the House took up the ordinance and decree
supplemental to an ordinance and decree for supplying the present vol-
unteer army with provisions, &c., which was read a second time, and on
motion of Mr. Harris, was ordered to lie on the table.
On motion of Mr. Hanks, the House took up an ordinance prescribing
the manner in which volunteers shall report themselves, &c., which was
read a second time, and on motion of Mr. Barrett, was indefinitely post-
poned.
On motion of Mr. Harris, the proceedings of the public meeting of
the citizens of Mobile, were referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
On motion of Mr. Hanks, the letter of Benj. F. Smith, was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
' On motion of Mr, Harris, the Council went into secret session, and af-
ter .some time spent therein the doors were opened.
Mr. Barrett reported as duly enrolled, an ordinance and decree autho-
rizing the Governor to grant registers to vessels, &c., and an ordinance
and decree authorizing and requiring the Governor to appoint a com-
missioner in the several Muncipalities to administer oaths, &c.
(608)