Proceedings of the General Council.
65
now in the field before Bexar, with money, and for other purposes: also
an ordinance and decree for the relief of Launcelot Smith and others.
General Burleson’s report of the action near Bexar, on the 26th No-
vember, transmitted by the Governor, having been read,
Mr. Barrett presented the following resolution, which was unanimously
adopted.
“Resolved, that this House congratulate their fellow-citizens of Texas
upon the glorious result of the battle fought near Bexar, on the 26th day
of November last, between the volunteer army of the People and the
troops of Santa Anna, under General Cas, with a great superiority of
numbers on the part of the enemy, thereby evincing the superior bravery
and courage of the heroic sons of Texas, and their brethren from the
United States of the North, and that the,thanks and congratulations of
the General-Council, and the Governor of the Provisional Government,
by his request, be given to General Edward Burleson, and the brave offi-
cers and men under his command, engaged in that brilliant affair, with
assurances that the Provisional Government of Texas deeply feel the
great obligations of the country to the patriotism and perseverance. of
the people’s army, and that no means will be omitted to aid, comfort,
and assist them in the accomplishment of the important enterprize
against Bexar, in the success of which the interests and safety of our
country are so deeply involved.”
A copy of the foregoing was ordered to be signed by the President and
Secretary, and forwarded to the army.
The House took up the ordinance and decree supplementary to an or-
dinance and decree for supplying the present volunteer army with provi-
sions, &c., which after some discussion was again laid on the table.
Mr. Hanks presented the following resolution, which was adopted:
“Be it Resolved, that the name of the Municipality of Bevil be, and
it is hereby altered and changed to that of the Municipality of Jasper,
and that the public business and proceedings of said Municipality be in
the name and style of Jasper instead of Bevil.”
Mr. Barrett, from the Committee on State Affairs and Judiciary, re-
ported an ordinance and decree altering and changing the manner in
which drafts shall be drawn on the Treasurer, &c., which was read the
first time and ordered to a second reading to-morrow.
On motion, the Council adjourned till 9 o’clock to-morrow morning.
Council Hall, San Felipe DE Austin, )
December 2, 1835.	5
nine o’clock, a. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journals of yesterday’s proceeding having been read,
The Executive’s Secretary presented, approved by the Governor, an or-
dinance and decree for supplying the army of the People with money,
and for other purposes.
The President laid before the Council the certificate of the election of
Thomas G. Western, and others, as delegates to the Convention, which
was ordered ’to be filed among the Convention papers.
(613)