68
Proceedings of the General Council.
COUNCIL HALL, San Felipe de AUSTIN, )
December 3d, 1835.	5
nine o’clock, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday’s proceedings having been read,
Mr. Millard, from the Committee on Enrollments, presented, as duly
enrolled, an ordinance and decree altering and changing the manner of
drawing drafts on the Treasurer.
An ordinance and decree making it the duty of the Governor to issue
a special commission and warrant in the case of Wm. H. Steel, &c.
Aln ordinance creating a new Municipality off of, and from the west
side of the present Municipality of Matagorda to be called the Munici-
pality of Jackson.
The Executive’s Secretary presented, approved by the Governor a
resolution changing the name of the Municipality of Bevil to Jasper.
The President laid before the Council the resignation of Martin Par-
mer, as a member of the Council from Tenehaw, which was read and
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. Barrett presented the following resolution, which was adopted:
“Eesolved, that the Chairman of the Committee on Finance is re-
quired to draw an order on the Treasurer in favor of Col. Jose Maria
Gonzales for five hundred dollars, agreeably to the report of a Select
Committee upon that subject made and adopted the first day of De-
cember, inst.
Mr. Millard from the Committee on Finance asked and obtained leave
to report on the subject of the report of D. B. Friar, Superintendant of
the Eangers, as follows:
' Your Committee on Finance, to whom was referred the report of D.
B. Friar, Superintendant of the Rangers, &c., accompanied with an ac-
count and draft on the Treasurer, beg leave to report,—
That they are unable to determine what course to recommend to this
Council to adopt on this subject, for want of proper vouchers and in-
formation, and beg to be discharged from any further action on the sub-
ject.	" HENRY MILLAED, Chairman.
On motion of Mr. Clements, the foregoing report was accepted.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the report of D. B. Friar was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
A translation of the communication submitted yesterday, by Mr. Pad-
illa was read and referred to the Committee on State Affairs and Judi-
ciary.
Mr. Power stated to the House that Col. Sandoval, prisoner of war
wished for permission to join Col. Gonzales, and proceed to the camp
before Bexar.
On motion of Mr. Ayres, the request of Mr. Sandoval was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
The President laid before the Council the following message, from the
Governor:
(616)