70
Proceedings of the General Council.
And, further, your Committee have had the letter of Benj. F. Smith,
to the Executive, praying for a commission with letters of marque and
reprisal, under consideration and your committee see no good reason why
a blank commission of a letter of marque and reprisal should not be
granted to the said Benjamin E. Smith, and therefore recommend it.
WM. P. HARRIS, Chairman.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the foregoing report was adopted and the
Committee instructed to report an ordinance for purchasing said ves-
sels, &e.
Mr. Millard, from the Committee on Finance, presented the following
report,—
Your Committee on Finance, to whom was referred sundry accounts,,
have had the same under consideration and beg leave to report,—
That the account of J. E. Watkins, for stove pipes, &c, they find cor-
rect, amounting to $15 87 1-2 cents; also the account of A. Blair, ser-
geant-at-arms, for the balance due him up to to the first December, for
services rendered the Convention and Council, and for sundry sums paid
by him for wood, candles, &c., for the use of this Council, amounting to
$29, also that Mr. Powell, Chief Clerk, pro tem, to the State and Judi-
ciary, and Finance Committees, account for six days service, amounting
to $30, be allowed.
HENRY MILLARD, Chairman.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the foregoing report was adopted.
On motion of Mr. Parker, the House took up the ordinance and decree-
providing for the election of members to the Convention to meet the first
day of March, 1836, and requesting the people of Texas to vote on the
subjects therein named, which, after some discussion, on motion of Mr.
Hanks, was referred to the Committee on State Affairs and the Judiciary.
The House took up the ordinance and' decree granting a bounty in land
to certain volunteers in the army of the People of Texas, which was read
the second time, and, on motion Mr. Millard, ordered to lie on the table
until to-morrow.
Mr. Barrett, from the Committee on State and Judiciary asked and
obtained leave to introduce the following report,—
To the Honorable, the General Council of the
Provisional Government of Texas:
Your Committee on State Affairs, &c., to whom was referred that part
of the Governor’s message relating to the Post-office Department, report
as follows, for the consideration of this body:
That during-the month of October last a Special Council of Texas,
then sitting, commenced a partial organization of the Post-office Depart-
ment, and appointed John R. Jones, Esq., Postmaster General, pro tem.
The qualifications of this gentleman for this high trust are spoken of in
the late message of the Governor, in strong terms of commendation, to
which your committee most heartily respond. Your committee, after a
free interchange of opinion and several conferences with Mr. Jones, rec-
ommend the following plan for your consideration as giving an ele-
mentary outline, which may hereafter lead to a perfect system, in this
(618)