Proceedings of the General Council.
71
complicated and interesting department of our government. With these
views your committee beg leave to present an ordinance and decree creat-
ing a General Post-office Department.
D. C. BARRETT, Chairman.
DANIEL PARKER, ) c 4
J. A. PADILLA, 5 Committee.
On motion of Mr. Harris, the foregoing report was adopted, and the
ordinance and decree was read a first time, and ordered to a second read-
ing to-morrow.
Mr. Hoxey presented the account of Robert Stevenson, with vouchers
for advances to volunteers, which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
The President laid before the Council a communication from Lieut.
Francis B. Wright to Messrs. Austin and Houston on the subject of
fitting out vessels of war, &c., which was read and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. Hanks presented the account of James S. Holman, for advances
to volunteers, which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
On motion, the Council adjourned till 3 o’clock, p. m.
TEREE o’clock, p. m.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
On motion of Mr. Millard, the House went into consideration of the
ordinance and decree to raise a loan to defray the expenses of the Provi-
sional Government, which was read a second time.
On motion of Mr. Hoxey, the words “to defray the expenses” in the
title and in the first section, were stricken out, and the words “for the
use of” inserted.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the ordinance was laid on the table, and
copies of it ordered to be furnished to each standing committee, except
the Committee on Enrollments.
On motion of Mr. Millard, the House took up the “ordinance appoint-
ing an Enrolling Clerk to the General-Council, and prescribing his du-
ties, and for other purposes, which was read a second time, and, on mo-
tion of Mr. Barrett, was indefinitely postponed.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, it was
“Resolved, that a supernumerary Clerk be appointed, who shall act
under the direction of the Secretary of this body. -
Mr. Parker, by leave of the House, introduced an ordinance and decree
regulating the Treasury and directing the course to be pursued with the
accounts thereon, which was read a first time and ordered to a second
reading to-morrow.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the Council went into secret session, and
after some time spent therein, the doors were opened, when so much of
the proceedings in secret session as relates to election of officers was or-
dered to be entered on the public journals, and is as follows:
Mr. Hanks moved that the Council proceed to elect a supernumerary
Clerk, which was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. Flanks, the election was directed to be made viva
voce.
(619)