74
Proceedings of the General Council.
sional Government to provide for the completing all incipient titles, in
such a manner as to meet the objects of the Consultation, in the said 14th
article. Expediency and the interest of Texas, must determine the course
of the Council in this, as well as in all other of its actions.
Your Committee, believing that the good citizens of the Nacogdoches
Department, in view of all these facts and necessities, will readily concur
in and give aid to the full execution of the mandates of their own Repre-
sentatives in solemn Convention assembled, can give no other opinion
than that which duty requires of the existing authorities of the people,
and cannot but hope, that all who are contemplated in the provisions of
the 14th article, as before mentioned will submit and yield obedience,
especially when convinced that resistance will not only be vain, but sub-
ject them to heavy penalties.
Your Committee advise a copy of this report, signed by the President
and Secretary of the General Council, be forwarded to the Committee of
safety of Nacogdoches.
D. C. BARRETT, Chairman.
DANIEL PARKER, ) committe,
J. A. PADILLA. C Committee.
On motion of Mr. Millard, the foregoing report was adopted.
Mr. Barrett from the Committee on State Affairs and Judiciary, to
whom was referred, “an ordinance and decree for calling a Convention,
&c.," presented the following report:
“By the laws of creation and nature, all men are free and equal; of
these natural rights no man can be forcibly deprived, on the principles
of immutable justice. A desire for domination and power in man, over
his fellow men, subjects the weak and unambitious, to the machinations
of the more subtle and strong. To avoid such evils, social compacts or
governments are formed, for mutual and individual protection, to this
end, each member of a community surrenders certain of his natural
rights for. common security. Thus, of necessity, all the legitimate powers
of any government are immediately derived from the governed. The
people are sovereign, and all the Officers designated for the execution of
this civil compact, are agents, and accountable for their fidelity; when
such agents assume the character of principles or dictators, and attempt
of their own will to subvert the form and true principles of the govern-
mental compact, and substitute another, without the consent of the par-
ties, whose agents they are, resistance from the people, is necessary and
a virtue; in this situation are the citzens of Texas, and a considerable
portion of the Mexican Republic, of which Texas is a part; resistance is
therefore a duty. The protection of our liberties, our natural and re-
served rights make it so. Arms are the resort, and in arms the people
will find their only security from the oppression of ambitious tyrants,
whose chains are forged to” manacle our citizens, and subdue them to
their will. Courage and bravery in resistance, and prudence in Council,
will restore to us the natural sovereignty of all governments.
Our civil compact or constitution is destroyed, and another must be
formed to guarantee the purposes and ends of political association. A
provisional or temporary Government, however wisely formed, or pru-
dently administered, is at best uncertain and insecure. Permanency and
( 622 )