78
Proceedings of the General Council.
ed an ordinance and decree to organize and establish an auxilliary volun-
teer corps for Texas, which was read a first time.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the rule of the house was suspended, and
the ordinance read a second time, when, on motion, the Council ad-
journed till 9 o’clock to-morrow morning.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
December 5th, 1835.	■ 5
nine o’clock, a. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journals of yesterday’s proceedings having been read,
Mr. Barnett from the Committee on Enrollments, presented, as duly
enrolled, an ordinance and decree to raise a loan for the use of the Pro-
visional Government of Texas.
Mr. Moody, who had been elected Clerk to several standing Commit-
tees of the House, was sworn.
The House resumed the consideration of the ordinance and decree to
create and organize an auxilliary corps for Texas.
On motion of Mr. Hanks, the 12th section was stricken out.
On motion of Mr. Harris, the ordinance was read a second time, when
the question was taken on its final passage, and decided in the affirma-
tive: so the ordinance passed.
The President laid before the House a communication from Gen. Hous-
ton, respecting the organization of the army, &c., which was read and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The President laid before the House an address from P. Dimit, com-
mandant at Goliad, calling for volunteers, &c., which was laid on the
table.
Mr. Kerr presented the following resolution, which was adopted:
“Resolved, that the contractor for the volunteer army (Wm. Pettus,)
he instructed to proceed immediately to the towns on the sea coast, and
purchase the following articles for the army, and cause them to be for-
warded with dispatch, viz: six hundred and sixty-six pair warm panta-
loons, three hundred and thirty-three vests, six hundred and sixty-six pairs
socks, three hundred and thirty-three round jackets; and be it also Re-
solved, that the said contractor be instructed to forward at all times to
the volunteer army, such things as may be from time to time, ordered by
the commander of that army and report the same to the Provisional
Government.”
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the Council went into secret session, and
after some time spent therein, the doors were opened.
Mr. West, by leave, introduced an ordinance designating the bounda-
ries of the Municipality of Jefferson and for other purposes, which was
read a first time; and on motion of Mr. West, the rule of the House was
suspended, and the ordinance'read a second and third time, when the
question was taken on its final passage and decided in the affirmative:
so the ordinance passed.
The President submitted the account of Isaac Best and Daniel Taylor
for ferriages for volunteers, &c., which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
(626)