Proceedings of the General Council.
79
Mr. Barrett presented an account of S. F. Austin, for money advanced,
and horses purchased for the volunteer army, which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. Barrett submitted a proposition for furnishing a library, which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
On motion of Mr. Kerr, the resolution presented by him some days
since, respecting the storming of Bexar, was taken up and read, after
some debate it was again laid on the table.
On motion, the Council adjourned till three o’clock, p. m.
TEREE o’clock, p. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Barrett, from the Committee on State Affairs and Judiciary, re-
ported an ordinance authorizing and requiring the Governor to give in-
structions to commissioners to the United States of the North, which was
read a first time.
On motion of Mr. Kerr, the rule of the House was supended, and the
ordinance read a second time.
Mr. Harris moved to strike out the name of Wm. H. Wharton, in the
first section, which was negatived.
On motion of Mr. Harris, the ordinance was amended by adding to
the 5th section the following words, “also provided that the said com-
missioners, or a majority of them, may fill out and give letters of marque,
&c., (which they shall be furnished with in blank form legally signed,)
to such persons and such restrictions as required by the ordinances of the
Provisional Government of Texas.
On motion of Mr. Kerr, the rule of the House was further suspended,
and the ordinance read a third time,- when the question was taken on
its final passage and decided in the affirmative: so the ordinance passed.
On motion of Mr. Hanks, the Council went into secret session, and
after some time spent therein, the doors were opened.
Mr. Kerr presented a petition from Ira R. Lewis, and other owners
of the schooner William Robbins, for letters of marque and reprisal,
which was granted.
Mr. Hanks, from the Committee on Military Affairs, reported an ordi-
nance and decree confirming the appointment of Wm. Pettus, contrac-
tor for the volunteer army near Bexar, which was read a first time.
On motion of Mr. Millard, the rule of the House was suspended, and
the ordinance read a second time.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the first blank in the 4th section was filled
by inserting “two thousand dollars.”
On motion of Mr. Clements, the second blank was filled by inserting,
“of the Provisional Governor and his successors in office.”
On motion of Mr. Millard, the rule of the House was further sus-
pended, and the ordinance read a third time, when the question was taken
on its final passage, and decided in the affirmative: so the ordinance
passed.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the Secretary was directed to furnish copies
of the ordinance just passed to Col. Wm. Pettus and Gen. Burleson.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the Council proceeded to elect a Treasurer
for the Provisional Government.
The election was ordered to be made viva voce.
(627)