80
Proceedings of the General Council.
Mr. Barrett nominated Joshua Fletcher, who was unanimously elected
Treasurer of the Provisional Government of Texas.
On motion, the Council adjourned till nine o’clock to-morrow morning.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
December 6th, 1835. , j
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday’s proceedings having been read,
Mr. Millard, from the Committee on Enrollments, reported, as duly
enrolled,—
“An ordinance authorizing and requiring the Governor to give instruc-
tions to our Commissioners to the United States of the North.
“'An ordinance and decree confirming the appointment of William
Pettus, contractor for the volunteer army, and an ordinance and decree
to organize and establish an auxiliary volunteer corps for Texas.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, Mr. Royall was admitted to a seat as a
member of the Council from Matagorda, whereupon, Mr. Royall took his
seat.
Mr. Hanks, from the Committee on Military Affairs, presented, (re-
specting the request of Col. Sandoval to join Col. Gonzales,) a report,
accompanied by the following resolution:
“Eesolved that the prisoners taken at Goliad, (Col. Sandoval, and
others,) be taken to the town of San Augustine, in the Municipality of
San Augustine, and there delivered to the Committee of Vigilance and
Safety, and by them to be safely kept, subject to the disposition of the
Council, and that the Governor be and he is hereby empowered to carry
into full force and effect this resolution.”
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the foregoing resolution was adopted.
The report accompanying it was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. Hanks, from the same committee, presented the following report,
and resolution:
“We the Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was referred the
letter of Thomas Hooper, dated Alexandria, 30th October, 1835, re-
spectfully report unto the General Council, ■that we have examined the
contents of said letter, and after mature deliberation would suggest the
propriqty of a letter being addressed by the Governor in answer to the
said Thomas Hooper’s letter, expressive of our heartfelt thanks for the
aid which he and his friend Capt. E. Anderson tenders to us in our strug-
gle for Constitutional Liberty against despotism. For the services of
more men than can be possibly raised in our own state, will be required
to repel the repeated attempts that will be made by the native Mexicans
to invade our country. That military rule and the most dire oppression
is the intention of the Centralists, can no longer be questioned, should
they triumph over us. For we may expect not only a Christian war-
fare, but a war of extermination from our enemies; therefore, we should
not hesitate in accepting the services of those who are willing to rally
around the standard we have raised in defence of the rights and immuni-
ties which belong to us as freemen. It was the succour which the United.
( 628 )