Proceedings of the General Council.
81
States obtained from France, that generally contributed to their triumph
over so formidable an enemy as that of England.
It is the citizens of that Government which commands the respect
and admiration of the world, who offer to peril their lives in defence of
our rights and liberties. Could we refuse them? Dare we reject the offer
of their services? It would be worse than madness. On the contrary we
should hold out every inducement to volunteers from abroad.”
The committee therefore recommend the adoption of the following
resolution:
“Resolved, that a certified copy of the ordinances and decrees estab-
lishing the regular army and an auxiliary volunteer corps be forwarded
to Thomas Hooper of Alexandria, La., and that the said Thomas Hooper
be solicited through a letter addressed to him by the Governor to request
the Editors of newspapers throughout the United States to publish the
aforesaid ordinances and decrees.”
WYATT HANKS. Chairman.
J. D. CLEMENTS, Committee.
On motion of Mr. Kerr, the foregoing report and resolution were
adopted.
Mr. Millard, from the Committee on Finance, reported an ordinance
to establish, divide, and lay off the coast of Texas into revenue districts,
and to declare and establish ports of entry and delivery, and for other
purposes, which was read a first time and laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, Mr. Royall was appointed to the Standing
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. Barrett presented the following resolution, which was adopted:
“Resolved, that the Commanding General be, and he is hereby author-
ized to send one or more agents out of his Staff or officers in the line in
company -with the Commissioners to the United States to purchase under
the directions of said Commissioners, provisions, arms, and munitions of
war, for the supply of the regular army.”
Mr. Barrett presented the following resolution, which was adopted:
“Resolved, that the Commissioners to the United States, be, and they
are hereby authorized to divide the deposites ordered to be made in New
Orleans, between the Union Bank of Louisiana and the Bank of Orleans,
in such proportions as they may deem best.
Mr. Barrett also presented the following resolution which was adopted:
“Resolved, that Wm. Pettus, the contractor for the volunteer army, in
conjunction and with the advice of T. F. McKinney, he directed to make
such provision for fitting Gen. Mexia, and his command, at the mouth of
Brazos as will enable them to proceed into the interior, &c., with the object
of carrying the war into the enemies country, and that Gen. Mexia be re-
quired to report his plan of operations through the said contractor in
writing to the Provisional Government of Texas.”
Mr. Kerr presented to the House a draft on the Provisional Govern-
ment, drawn by M. Caldwell, sub-contractor for volunteer army, in favor
of Thomas M. Dennis, which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
The Executive’s Secretary presented the following message from his
Excellency, the Governor.
( 629 )