84
Proceedings of the General Council.
The President appointed Messrs. Harris, Powers and Kerr, that com-
mittee.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the Door-keeper was discharged and fined
three days wages, for neglect of duty.
Mr. Millard, from the Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported as duly
Enrolled,—
On ordinance and decree, designating the boundaries of the munici-
pality of Jefferson, and for other purposes.
A resolution making disposition of the prisoners taken at Goliad.
A resolution requiring the contractor for the volunteer army to make
certain purchases.
A resolution authorising the Governor to issue a blank commission,
with letters of marque and reprisal to the Committee of Safety of Mata-
gorda.
A resolution authorising the Governor to issue a blank commission,
with letters of marque and reprisal to Benjamin F. Smith.
A resolution for dividing the deposites ordered to be made in the Union
Bank of Louisiana.
A resolution authorising the Commanding General to send Agents
for purchases.
And a resolution directing the contractor for the volunteer army to
make provision for General Mexia, and his command.
The President laid before the Council, several communications from
Nacogdoches, on the subject of Land Offices; which were read, and on
motion of Mr. Parker referred to the Committee on State and Judiciary.
On motion of Mr. Parker, Mr. Royal was added to the Committee on
State and Judiciary, to act on the above named communications.
On motion of Mr. Clements, Mr. Kerr was appointed to the Standing
Committee on Land and Indian Affairs.
Mr. Hanks, from the Committee on Military Affairs, presented the fol-
lowing report; which was received.
“Your Committee, to whom was referred the letter of General Sam
Houston, dated, San Felipe de Austin, 4th December, 1835, urging the
immediate necessity of an election of the officers of the regular army,
having had the same under consideration, your Committee can state with
confidence, believing that the statement will at the same time receive a
favorable response from a majority of the General Council, that this
Committee has thrown no impediment or obstacle in the way of raising
the regular army, for the protection of Texas during the present war, as
contemplated by the first article of the organic law of Texas. On the
contrary, it is the opinion of your Committee, that the General Council
has been as expeditious in the enactment of ordinances, the election of
Officers, and every other necessary arrangement, in order to carry into
full force and effect the first article of the organic law, to which our at-
tention is called by the letter of General Sam Houston, as could be done
under the press of business, and the distracted state of our affairs. Be-
sides, a considerable portion of our time is and must necessarily be con-
sumed in making provision to sustain the “Volunteer Army,” near Bexar.
Upon them rest the hopes and fortunes of the people of Texas.
They have already defended the country against an invading foe, and
are now holding them in check, by remaining in the field; and not to sus-
tain them, would.be to sacrifice our dearest rights and interests. Com-
(632 )