86
Proceedings of the General Council.
Mr. Estis be placed upon the list of applicants, for the appointment of
Surgeon, in the regular army.
Your committee would further recommend, that Doctor Asa Hoxie, be
authorised and instructed to address a letter of thanks to the said Dr. M.
Estis, for the services which he tenders us; and inform him at the same
time, that no appointment will be made, until the regular army is organ-
ized, as made,and provided for by the organic law of Texas, creating a
regular army for the protection of Texas, during the present war, and
also that his name is placed on the list of applicants for the appointment
of Surgeon.	WYATT HANKS, Chairman.
J. D. CLEMENTS, Committee.
Mr. Parker presented the following resolutions:
Resolved, that the Commander-in-Chief, shall have power to accept
the services of at least five thousand auxiliary Volunteers, agreeably to
the organic law, and the ordinances and decrees of the General Council
of Texas, in addition to the local Volunteers.
Resolved, that the Commander-in-Chief of the forces of Texas, shall
establish his head quarters at such place as he may think best for the
good of the service.
The foregoing having been read, were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. Hanks presented the following resolution, which was adopted:
Be it resolved by the General Council, that our Foreign Agents shall
be authorised and empowered, and are hereby authorised and empowered,
to receive all monies and donations of any kind, that may be given or
presented to Texas, by the citizens of the country which they may visit;
and if said Agents should receive any money or monies, to deposit the
same in some safe Bank, and report the same to the Provisional Govern-
ment of Texas.
Be it further resolved, that a certified copy of this resolution be fur-
nished said Agents.
Mr. Millard, from the Committee on Finance, reported an ordinance
and decree, to provide for the outfit and contingent expenses of our For-
eign Agents, to the United States of the North; which was read the
first time.
On motion of Mr. Parker, the rule of the House was suspended, and
the ordinance read the second time.
On motion of Mr. Royal, the blank in the first section, was filled by
“five hundred.”
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the blank in the second section was filled
with “two thousand.”
On motion of Mr. Power, the rule of the House was further suspended,
and the ordinance read the third time, when the question was taken on
its final passage, and decided in the affirmative. And the ordinance
passed.
The following resolutions were returned by the Governor, approved:
A resolution requiring the contractor of the Volunteer army to make
certain purchases.
A resolution authorising the Governor to grant a blank commission
with letters of marque and reprisal, to the Committee of Safety for Mata-
gorda.
On motion, the Council adjourned to 9 o’clock, to-morrow morning.
(634)