88
Proceedings of the General Council.
Mr. Wharton, from the Select Committee, to whom was referred the
communication of S. F. Austin and William H. Wharton, together with
the ordinance for calling a Convention &c., presented a report containing
his views; which were that a Convention should be called to meet on the
15th of January next, on the principles of the ordinance which had been
referred to that Committee.
Mr. Barrett, from the majority of the Committee, reported the former
ordinance without amendment.
On motion, the Council adjourned to 3 o’clock, p. m.
THREE o’clock, P. m.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The reports of the Select Committee respecting the calling of a Con-
vention, which were under consideration when the Council adjourned,
were ordered to lie on the table.
Agreeably to a resolution passed December 1st, the House proceeded
to the election of Company Officers for one Battalion in the Artillery of
the Regular Army.
On motion of Mr. Clements, it was resolved that the Council also
elect at this time, one Colonel, one Lieutenant Colonel, and one Major for
the Regiment of Infantry, and one Colonel and one Lieutenant Colonel
for the Artillery.
The elections were ordered to be made with closed doors.
After the elections were completed the proceedings were ordered to be
recorded on the public Journals, and were as follows:
On the nomination of Mr. Barrett, James W. Fannin,- jun. was duly
elected Colonel of Artillery, “Viva Voce.”
On the nomination of Mr. Barrett, James C. Neil was duly elected Lieu-
tenant Colonel of Artillery, “Viva Voce.”
Mr. Kerr moved that all the elections be made this day, “Viva Voce;”
which was negatived.
When the House proceeded to ballot for Captains of Artillery, and
J. W. E. Wallace, Ira Westover, Samuel Williams, J. N. Moreland. and
Peter J. Menard were duly elected Captains of Artillery.
The House then proceeded to ballot for First Lieutenants of Artillery;
when John D. McAllister, Almeron Dickinson, John Henry, John Chaf-
fin and Lucin W. Gates, were duly elected First Lieutenants of Artillery.
The House then proceeded to ballot for Second Lieutenants of Artil-
lery; when James H. Blount, Joseph Cadle, Robert H. Foot, Alexander
Farmer, and C. R. Sharp, were duly elected Second Lieutenants of Ar-
tillery.
The rule of voting by ballot was suspended, and the Third Lieu-
tenants ordered to be elected “Viva Voce;” when William Holman, Wil-
■ liam Eaton, William C. Wilson, Robert J. Calder and George AV. Poe,
were duly elected Third Lieutenants of Artillery.
The Council then proceeded to ballot for Colonel of Infantry.
Mr. Parker nominated Philip A. Sublett.
Mr. Clements nominated Edward Burleson.
When the ballots were counted, there were for
Philip A. Sublett	--
Edward Burleson	-
8 votes.
6	«
(636)