Proceedings of the General Council.
91
Executive Department of Texas.
To the Honorable, the President, and
Members of the Legislative Council:
Gentlemen:—I transmit to your honorable Body, the copy of a letter
received in my department, from the Commander-in-Chief, General Sam
Houston. Your honorable body will see by the tenor of his communica-
tion the reasons and propriety of his request; and seeing myself that de-
lays in the organization of the army would be dangerous, I confidently
hope that everything consistent with your duties in that matter will be
promptly attended to.
With sentiments, &c. &c.
I am Gentlemen,
Your obedient servant,
HENRY SMITH, Governor.
December Sth, 1835.
Executive Department of Texas.
To the Honorable, the President, and
Members of the Legislative Council:	'
Gentlemen:—I hasten to lay before your honorable body a communi-
cation just received from the Commandant of Goliad. The documents
will show for themselves, and you take such action on them as circum-
stances shall direct. The express carrier is in waiting.
With sentiments, &c. &c.
Your obedient servant,
HENRY SMITH, Governor.
December 8th, 1835.
On motion of Mr. Millard, the House took up the ordinance for es-
tablishing revenue districts, &c.; when
Mr. Millard moved to strike out all after the enacting clause; which
was agreed to.
Mr. Millard then offered a substitute for the parts stricken out; which
was adopted.
When the ordinance was ordered to lie on the table.
On motion, the Council adjourned to 3 o’clock. p. m.
THREE O’CLOCK, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The Executive Secretary presented approved by the Governor,—
A resolution authorising the Commanding General to send one or more
Agents to the United States with our Commissioners, &c.
On motion of Mr. Millard, the House took up the ordinance and decree
establishing and imposing duties of impost and tonnage.
On motion of Mr. Ayres, the words “thirty” and “fifteen” were stricken
out wherever they occurred in the ordinance.
Mr. Menifee moved to fill the blanks with “twenty-five” and “fifteen;”
which was lost.
Mr. Clements moved to fill the blanks with “sixteen” and “twelve and
a half;” which was lost.
( 639)