92
Proceedings of the General Council.
Mr. Ayres moxed to fill the blanks with the words “twenty;”
was lost.
Mr. Harris moved to fiill the blanks with the words "twenty
“ten:” which was agreed to.
which
" and
Mr. Parker moved to add among the list of articles exempt from duty,
“meat and bread stuffs;” which was agreed to.
Mr. Royall moved to add also to the list, “lumber of all kinds for
building.”
A division of the House was called for on the question, when the
House being equally divided, the President gave the casting vote in favor
of the amendment. So it was adopted.
On motion of Mr. Ayres, the two dollars, twelve and a half cents ton-
nage duty was stricken out, and one dollar and twenty-five cents inserted.
On motion, the Council adjourned to 7 o’clock, p. m.
SEVEN o’clock, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The Council resumed the consideration of the ordinance and decree,
establishing and imposing duties of imposts and tonnage.
On motion, the ordinance was amended by incorporating with it, the
provisions of the ordinance establishing revenue districts, &c.; when the
rule of the House was suspended, and the ordinance read the third time,
and the question taken on its final passage, and decided in the affirma-
tive. So the ordinance passed by the following title:
“An ordinance and decree establishing and imposing duties of impost
and tonnage, and for other purposes.”
The Council took up the ordinance and decree for establishing revenue
districts, &c; which, on motion, was indefinitely postponed.
Mr. Barrett, from the Committee on State and Judiciary, presented the
following report:
Your committee to whom was referred certain proceedings of the peo-
ple of Nacogdoches, relative to the several Land Offices of that depart-
ment, and that of the political Chief &c., report that they have considered
all the matters referred, and can find no reasons to alter the views re-
ported by this Committee on the 4th inst.; as that report contains the
true representation, as your Committee believe, of the objects, require-
ments, and duties contemplated in the 14th section of the plan of the
Provisional Government, so far as land affairs are concerned. There-
fore, that this House cannot legally pass any ordinance granting the
power of making titles in any way, until the said 14th article is com-
plied with, at least so far as that the papers and documents are under the
control of the Officers of the Provisional Government; when this shall
have been effected, your Committee have no further hesitation in advis-
ing that the several legal Commissioners of each Land Office, or some
other person specially appointed, be authorised to proceed in- complet-
ing all titles to land made for settlers on surveys, returned before the
passing of the said 14th section. But in doing this, all proper guaran-
tees against injustice or fraud should be carefully incorporated in the
decree for such purpose.
In the mean time your Committee have confidence in assuring this
Council, and the people at large, that neither the orders of the Conven-
tion or decrees of the Provisional Government have any other object or
( 640 )