Proceedings of the General Council.
93
effect, than in securing an equal and fair opportunity of all our citizens
to obtain their landed rights; and although the time of perfecting titles
may be extended, no acquired right or privilege either is or can be
effected. The right exists unimpaired, while the bare legal form remains
to be executed.
Your Committee advise that the papers and documents of the Political
Chief of Nacogdoches Department, be committed to the hands and charge
of the Commissioners, but not to be removed until the further directions
of the Provisional Government; for the reason that many individuals
might be subjected to great inconvenience by the removal, and no present
necessity exists for doing so. The functions of the Political Chief are.
extinct. The provisions of the 14th section plainly point out the dis-
position of all municipal papers and archives. The late Judges will de-
liver their documents to their successors in office, appointed by the Gen-
eral Council, and the usual elections for the common offices of Ayunta-
mientos remain unchanged in character or incidents.
In conclusion, your Committee entertain very high respect for the
general character for patriotism in the present difficulties of the citi-
zens of the Nacogdoches Department, and their ready obedience to the
. laws of their country, and regret that any measure contemplated for. the
general good should operate severely upon individuals. Bu,t in the pres-
ent case, your Committee can see no real cause of uneasiness or doubt
in the minds of any of our citizens, forasmuch as the security of paper-
title is ideal against right, or in further securing absolutely vested rights.
It is an admitted fact, that the revenues of the country will be dimin-
ished for the present, by closing the Land Offices, and that it is inconven-
ient to the Government in the times of such pressing necessity. But
your Committee regard this as the lesser evil, when no injustice can be
the consequence, and great injury and injustice may ensue the opening
of the Land Offices to all common transactions.
Your Committee recommend that another Commissioner be appointed
to act with S. H. Everitt, as it is doubtful whether either of the other
Commissioners will attend to their appointment, and that two shall be
sufficient to perform all the duties contemplated by the 14th section
of the organic law; and while upon this subject, your Committee would
respectfully name to this House, Arthur Henrie, whose character and
qualifications render him a very fit person to exercise the trust and exe-
cute any future orders, in conjunction with Mr. Everitt, as may origi-
nate from the Provisional Government for their direction.
D. C. BARRETT, Chairman.
D. PARKER, Committee.
The foregoing report was adopted.
Mr. Barrett presented the following resolution; which was adopted:
Resolved, that John Forbes be and he is hereby appointed a Com-
missioner in place of John Leplessier, for carrying into effect the 14th
section of the organic law of the Provisional Government, and that a
majority of the said Commissioners shall have full power to act, and
that the papers and archives of the Land Offices and of the Political
Chief be placed by the said Commissioners into the hands of John
Forbes and Arthur Henrie, subject to the orders of the Provisional Gov-
ernment, and that Arthur Henrie be and is hereby appointed a Col-
41—VOL. 1.
(641)