Proceedings of the General Council.
97
On motion of Mr. Barrett, it was resolved, that a committee of three
be appointed to prepare an address to the people on the subject.
The President appointed Messrs. Barrett, Royall and Millard that
committee.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, Col. Rusk was requested to assist the com-
mittee in preparing the address.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the Council proceeded to consider the or-
dinance and decree for altering and changing the manner of drawing
drafts on the Treasurer, returned by the Governor on the 6th inst. with
his objections. The ordinance and the objections having been read,
the question was taken. Shall this ordinance now pass, the veto of the
Governor to the contrary notwithstanding?
The ayes and noes being demanded, were as follows:
AYES—Messrs. Menifee, Barrett, Parker, Millard, Harris, Hanks,
Kerr, West, Padilla, Powers, Ayers, Westover.—12.
NOES—Messrs. Clements and'Royall.—2.
So the ordinance passed by a constitutional majority.
Mr. Harris presented the following resolution; which was adopted:
Whereas the Provisional Government of Texas, have received informa-
tion of which there is no doubt, that the enemy have large reinforce-
ments on the road to our frontiers, wi th whom there is forty thousand
dollars in money, and if the same is not cut off, or prevented from unit-
ing with the forces now at Bexar, our small but patriotic army will be
compelled to retire, being overpowered by four times their numbers:
therefore, be it resolved by the General Council of the Provisional Gov-
ernment of Texas, that General Mexia be, and he is hereby invited, to-
gether with the brave officers and men under his command, to repair
immediately to Bexar by the way of Goliad, and there co-operate with
the volunteer army of the people.
Resolved, that an express be dispatched immediately to General
Mexia, with a copy of this resolution.
Mr. Powers tendered his services to wait on General Mexia with the
resolution.
Mr. Royall presented the following resolution; which was adopted:
Be it resolved, That the services of Col. Power be accepted, and that
he be requested to repair .immediately to Velasco, or any other point,
and wait on General Mexia, with a copy of the resolution passed this day,
requesting General Mexia to proceed to Bexar, and to accompany the ex-
pedition and extend all the aid in his power, with authority to draw on
this Government for any amount of money necessary in forwarding the.
objects of said resolutions.
On motion, the Council adjourned to 3 o’clock, p. m.
TEREE o’clock, p. m.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Parker, from the select committee appointed to provide expresses
for the army, &c.; presented the following report:
Your committee-to whom, was referred the duty of preparing horses
for expresses to the army now at Bexar, report, the riders for the express
being provided for, only a horse to pack the ammunition was wanting,
which lack was supplied by Doctor Charles B. Stewart, in the liberal
and prompt tender of his horse, (an excellent good one,) which was ac-
( 645 )