Proceedings of the General Council.
101
at the latter place; all of which we have no hesitation in saying will soon
be on the road to Bexar. And your committee further state, that the
above named gentlemen will get as many volunteers as possible, to march
forthwith to Bexar.
C. WEST, Chairman.
The foregoing report was accepted.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the House proceeded to consider the two
reports from the select committee, respecting a convention laid on the
table on the 7th inst.; after some discussion, the report of the majority,
and the resolutions for calling a convention to meet on the first of
March, 1836, were adopted and passed.
Mr. Millard from the committee on enrollments, reported as duly en-
rolled, “a resolution authorizing the Treasurer to draw on McKinney
and Williams in favor of Baker and Bordens.”
Mr. Hanks, from the committee on military affairs, presented the fol-
lowing report:
Your committee, to whom was referred the letter of Capt. P. Dimit,
together with the intercepted circular from Matamoras, and the letter of
the late commandant at Le Pantielan, have had the same under consid-
eration, and the information given to us from the communications, are
of such an important nature as to require immediate action of the Gen-
eral Council.
Your committee would recommend the importance of strengthening
the position occupied by Capt. Dimit at Goliad, by sending reinforce-
ments immediately to his aid, were it not that the volunteer army of the
people of Texas, requires all the men and ammunition that can be raised,
in order to sustain them in their present position before Bexar. It is
important for the safety and protection of Texas to keep possession of the
military post at Goliad. And from the last communication received
from the volunteer army near Bexar by express, informing us that three
hundred of our troops had taken possession of a part of San Antonio,
and were in want of men and ammunition to sustain the position they
had gained, and that'the central troops under the command of General
Cos were daily expecting a large reinforcement under the command of
Col. Ugartechea. Therefore, your committee is of opinion that Capt.
Dimit need not apprehend any danger of an attack by the superior num-
ber of central troops under command of Col. Ugartechea at present.
Agents have been dispatched to Yew Orleans for the purpose of pur-
chasing and forwarding as early as possible, provisions and supplies for
the army. All that your committee can recommend for the relief of
Captain Dimit in the present emergency, is the adoption of the follow-
ing resolution:
Be it resolved by the General Council, that John Eagan be, and he is
hereby appointed a commissary, and that the said commissary be and he
is hereby authorized and empowered to purchase provisions and such
supplies, as the company of troops under the command of Capt. Dimit
at Goliad requires; and that orders be drawn upon the Provisional Gov-
ernment for the same by said commissary: Provided nevertheless, said
provisions cannot be purchased, the said commissary be, and he is here-
by authorized to press the same for the use of said troops.
Be it further resolved, that a certified copy of this report and resolu-
tions, and of the communication last received from the commander of
(649)