102
Proceedings of the General Council.
the volunteer army before Bexar, be furnished by the Secretary of the
General Council and forwarded to Capt. Dimit, commandant at Goliad,
and also a copy of the resolution inviting General Mexia to co-operate
with the volunteer army of the people near Bexar, by way of Goliad.
WYATT HANKS, Chairman.
J. D. CLEMENTS, ) c ...
R. R. ROYALL, 5 Committee.
The foregoing report and resolutions having been read, were adopted.
Mr. Barrett submitted a communication from Hugh Frazer, in prison
at Goliad; when the following resolution was adopted:
Resolved, that Capt. Dimit be directed to discharge Mr. Frazer, or to
send him to this place, with the charges against him.
On motion, the Council adjourned to 9 o’clock to-morrow morning.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
December 11th, 1835. J
nine o’clock, a. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The Journals of yesterday’s proceedings having been read, .Mr. Royall
presented as duly enrolled,
An ordinance and decree establishing and imposing duties of imposts-
and tonnage, and for other purposes.”
Mr. Millard from the committee on enrollments, presented as duly
enrolled,
A resolution for calling a convention to meet on the first day of
March, 1836.
By leave, General Houston submitted a proclamation, which he was
about to issue; which was read and approved.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, it was resolved, that the committee on mili-
tary affairs be instructed to prepare a supplemental ordinance increasing
the bounty of soldiers of the regular army to 800 acres of land, and 24
dollars in money, one half to be paid when mustered into service, and
the other half three months after.
Mr. Barrett presented as duly enrolled,
The ordinance and decree establishing a post office department, to-
gether with an additional section, fixing the compensation of the Post
Master General; which was adopted as part of the ordinance.
Mr. Millard moved that Messrs. Barrett and Padilla be added to the
committee appointed some days since, to draft an address to the Mexican
people, which was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. Millard, it was resolved, that the Council will this
evening, at half past six o’clock, proceed to elect the company officers
for five companies of artillery of the regular army, and also the munici-
pal officers of San Patricio.
Mr. Harris, from the committee to prepare an address to the Mexican
people, reported an address in the Spanish language prepared by Mr.
Padilla, of which the following is a translation:
( 650 )