Proceedings of the General Council.
103
The General Council of the Provisional Government of Texas to the
Mexicanfeofle.
■ The people of Texas have taken up arms in defence of their rights and
liberties, menaced by the attacks of military despotism, and to sustain the
republican principles of the constitution of 1824. The Mexican nation
ought to be fully informed on this subject, in order to correct the false-
hoods circulated by the Centralists, who have attempted to calumnate
the Texians by giving to the revolution here, a character very different
from the true one, and painting it in the blackest colors.
Texas has .solemnly declared her principles in the declaration of the
7th November last, made by its representatives, and has called God to
witness the sincerity and purity of her intentions. The people of Texas
could not have acted in any other manner, and every freeman would
have done the same who appreciates his own dignity and was able to
resist slavery.
Texas was left without any government, owing to the imprisonment
and dispersion of the Executive and Legislative authorities of the state
by the military Centralists, and every thing was rapidly falling into
anarchy and ruin. It certainly was not the fault of the Texians that this
state of things existed. They were living in .peace when the revolution-
ary flame reached their homes, their situation may be compared to that
of a peaceful village that is suddenly assailed by a furious hurricane,,
which menaces ruin and death, from which the inhabitants seek safety
by any means in their power, without being in any manner censurable
for the impending danger, nor for trying to shield themselves from its
effects. The truth is, that a storm which originated elsewhere, threat-
ened to involve them in its desolating ravages. They wish to save them-
selves as they have a right to do, by the law of nature.
Faithful to their oaths, they wished to defend the constitution, and
for this their enemies have declared a war of extertermination against
them, and are trying to deceive the liberal Mexicans with false reports
that their objects are different from those expressed in the before-men-
tioned declaration. God knows this to be a malicious calumny, circu-
lated for the purpose of consolidating centralism, by trying to unite the
Federalists in its ranks against their friends the Texians.
Very dearly indeed have the Texians acquired their homes in this
country, which but a short time since was a wilderness infested by hos-
tile Indians. It is just and natural that they should wish to preserve
them, in conformity with the guarantees of the Federal compact under
which they were acquired. It is equally so, that they should obey the
first law which God has stamped upon the heart of man civilized or sav-
age, which is self-preservation.
The Texians have therefore taken up arms in the defence of their
constitutional rights, in fulfilment of their duties to the Mexican con-
federation and of the most sacred obligations to themselves.
They have organized a Provisional local Government, to provide for
their security as a part of the Mexican confederation should it again be
re-established. Can it be possible that the whole nation will declare war
against us because we wish to comply with our obligations in favor of
the constitution, and because we wish to defend the rights which God
has given to man, and which the Mexican nation has solemnly guaran-
(651)