Proceedings of the General Council.
105
three o’clock, p. m.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The Executive Secretary presented the following message from his
Excellency the Governor:
Executive Department oe Texas.
To the Honorable, the President, and
Members of the Legislative Cozmcil:
Gentlemen—I herewith transmit to your honorable body a com-
munication from Capt. Dimit, commander of the volunteer forces at
Goliad, with an order annexed in favor of the person therein named.
The document will shew for itself, and your body will make such dis-
position of it as the circumstances of the case may require.
Respectfully,
Gentlemen,
Your obedient servant,
HENRY SMITH,
Governor.
Austin, Dec. 10th, 1835.
The letter alluded to in the above message, was referred to the commit-
tee on finance.
The House took up the ordinance and decree regulating the Treasury,
and directing the course to be pursued with accounts thereon; which
was read the second time, when on motion of Mr. Clements, the ordinance
was committed to a select committee of three. .
Messrs. Clements, Royall and Parker were appointed that committee.
Mr. Millard from the committee on finance, made a verbal report, rec-
ommending that Thomas Bray’s account for twenty-six dollars and sev-
enty-five cents, and the balance of M. M. Steven’s account, forty-three*
dollars, be allowed; which report was accepted.
Mr. Millard presented the following resolution, which was adopted:
Resolved, There shall be appointed by the President, a standing com-
mittee of public accounts, to consist of one member from each of the
principal standing committees, except the committee of finance, with
the chief clerk of the state and judiciary and finance committees, who
shall act as clerk or secretary of said committee of public accounts.
It shall be the further duty of said committee to receive, audit and
register said accounts, entering in a book to be purchased for that pur-
pose, the title and amount of said accounts, in such a manner as to show
their situation, at any particular time, whether passed, rejected or under
consideration, and report upon the same, to the Council, as often as twice
in every week, say Wednesday and Saturday.
Messrs. Royall, Parker, West and Kerr were appointed that committee.
Mr. Menifee was appointed to the standing committee on state and
judiciary.
The resolution offered by Mr. Millard and laid on the table yesterday,
was taken up and amended so as to read as follows, when it was adopted:
Resolved, That this Council is incompetent to act in any way on the
appointment of William H. Wharton, as commissioner to the United
States of the North.
( 653 )