Proceedings of the General Council.
107
The foregoing report was accepted.
Mr. Barrett presented the account of Joseph Grimes, which was re-
ferred to the committee of finance.
The resolution presented by Mr. Kerr and laid on the table this after-
noon respecting the office of Judge Advocate General, was taken up and
passed.
On motion, the Council went into secret session on the election of cer-
tain officers agreeably to resolution, and after some time spent therein,
the doors were opened, when so much of the proceedings as relates to
elections was ordered to be entered on the public journals, and was as
follows:
On motion, the House proceeded to elect collectors for the several
Ports of Texas.
On the nomination of Mr. Millard, Samuel Eogers was elected Collec-
tor for the Port of Sabine.
Mr. Harris nominated George M. Patrick for Collector of the Port
of Galveston.
Mr. Barrett nominated William P. Harris, when proceeded to ballot,'
and William P. Harris was duly elected Collector for the Port of Gal-
. veston.
Mr. Hanks nominated William S. Fisher for Collector of the Port
of Brazos; who was duly elected to that office.
Mr. Eoyall nominated George M. Collingsworth for Collector of the
Port of Matagorda, who was duly elected.
Mr. Clements nominated Edward Gritton for Collector of the the
Port of Copano; who was duly elected.
Lewis Ayres and John J. Lynn were put in nomination for Collector
of the Port of La Vaca; when the ballots were counted, there were for
Lewis Ayres ------	6 votes.
' John J. Linn	-	-	-	-	-	5 votes.
Whereupon Lewis Ayres was declared duly elected Collector for the
Port of La Vaca.
The House then proceeded to elect a Post Master General.
On the nomination of Mr. Barrett, John E. Jones was unanimously
elected Post Master General.
The House then proceeded to ballot for five captains of artillery, when
George W. Poe, Robert L. Morris, James S. Lester, John A. Veatch and
James Cheshire were duly elected.
The House then proceeded to ballot for five first lieutenants of artil-
lery; when Joseph Bonnell, A. H. Jones, Benjamin C. Wallace, Samuel
G. Hanks and Francis White, were duly elected.
The House then proceeded to ballot for five second lieutenants of Ae-
tillery; when Ashmore Edwards, Thomas J. Stansbury, John W. Bun-
ton, Monroe Edwards and Dugald McFarland, were duly elected.
The House then proceeded to ballot for five third lieutenants or artil-
lery; when Pryor Bryan, John P. Borden, George Scott, Preston Savory
and Robert L. Bedding, were duly elected.
The House then proceeded to elect a Judge Advocate General, under
the resolution passed this day.
On the nomination of Mr. Hanks, D. C. Barrett was unanimously
elected.
(655)