112
Proceedings of the General Council.
to be removed to San Augustine, have not been removed. Messrs. Meni-
fee, Westover and Harris were appointed the committee.
The House then took up the resolution for calling a convention, ve-
toed by the Governor. The resolution and objections of the Governor-
having been read; the question being put, shall this resolution now pass,
the objections of the Governor to the contrary notwithstanding? There
were in the affirmative Messrs. Menifee, Barrett, Clements, Parker, Mil-
lard, Harris, Hanks, Royall, Kerr, West, Linn, Westover and M'Mullen,
13. So the resolution was passed by a constitutional majority.
Mr. Millard, from the committee on enrollments, reported duly en-
rolled.
“A resolution requiring the Treasurer to draw on the Commissioners
to the United States, in favor of Juan Jervit.”
“A resolution appropriating twenty-five dollars to Stephen M’Laugh-
lin, &c.”
“A resolution for determining the rank of officers in the regular army.”
“A resolution authorizing the Commander-in-Chief to accept the ser-
vices of five thousand volunteers, and fixing his head quarters.”
On motion, the Council adjourned to 9 o’clock, to-morrow morning..
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
December 13th, 1835. j
SEVEN O’CLOCK, P. M.
The Council met on the call of the President.
Mr. Royall introduced a supplement to an ordinance and decree, en-
titled “An ordinance and decree, establishing and imposing duties on
imposts and tonnage, and for other purposes, which was read the first
time, and on motion of Mr. Royall, the rule was suspended, and the
ordinance was read a second and third time, when the question was
taken on its final passage, and decided in the affirmative.
On motion, the Council adjourned till 9 o’clock to-morrow morning.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
December 14th, 1835. j
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday’s proceedings being read,
Mr. Millard, from the committee on enrollments, reported enrolled,
“A supplement to an ordinance and decree, entitled “An ordinance
and decree establishing and imposing duties on imposts and tonnage,
and for other purposes.”
The Executive Secretary presented, approved by the Governor,
“A resolution requiring the Treasurer to draw on the Commissioners
to the United States in favor of Juan Jervit, for two hundred and seventy
dollars.”
The President appointed Mr. Linn to the standing committee on en-
rollments; Messrs. Clements and Menifee to the standing commmittee on
land and Indian affairs.
On motion of Mr. Millard, the House took up the report of the com-
(660.)