114
Proceedings of the General Council.
The Executive secretary presented the following message from the
Governor:
Executive DEPARTMENI of Texas.
To the Honorable, the President, and
Members of the Legislative Council:
GENTLEMEN:—I herewith transmit to your body various communica-
tions, from Colonel Mexia, which will shew for themselves. I also trans-
mit, at the same time, a communication with the proceedings of the com-
mittee of the precinct or district of Sabine, which you will please ex-
amine, and take such action on it as its nature and circumstances may
require..
With sentiments, &c., &c.,
I am your obedient servant,
December 14th, 1835.	HENRY SMITH, Governor.
The communications referred to in the message of General Mexia, were
referred to the committee on military affairs.
The communications from Sabine were referred to the committee on
state and judiciary.
On motion the Council adjourned to 3 o’clock, p. m.
THREE O’CLOCK, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
A quorum not being present, the Council adjourned to 9 o’clock to-
morrow morning.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
December 15, 1835.	5
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The Journal of yesterday’s proceedings having been read,
Mr. Mitchell, from the Municipality of Washington, appeared and af-
firmed, as prescribed by the organic law, and took a seat as a member of
the Council.
Mr. Barrett from the committee on state and judiciary, to whom was
referred certain letters of T. F. M’Kinney, reported the following reso-
lution, which was passed:
Be it resolved, &c., That Thomas F. M’Kinney, of the firm of M’Kin-
ney & Williams be, and he is hereby constituted an agent of the Govern-
ment of Texas, for the purpose of receiving and taking charge of the
public stores for the army of Texas, at the mouth of the river Brazos,
to be delivered to the orders of the proper officers of the Government
aforesaid; and the said M’Kinney, as agent aforesaid, is authorized and
required to provide for, and supply volunteers for the army, who come
within the meaning and provisions of an ordinance and decree, entitled
“An ordinance and decree creating an auxiliary volunteer corps for Tex-
as,” passed the fifth day of December, 1835, with the necessary arms,
ammunition and provisions, to enable them to do duty, and march to
( 662 )