Proceedings of the General Council.
115
head quarters, where he shall direct them to proceed with all convenient
despatch; provided that the said Government agent, .shall in all cases,
take duplicate receipts for all articles or money advanced.
Mr. Barrett, from same committee, reported an ordinance and decree
for creating the Municipality of Sabine, and for organizing the same.
The ordinance was read a first time, when the. rule was suspended, and
the ordinance read a second time.
On motion of Mr. Hanks, the ordinance was amended by striking out
of the first section, the words “Angelina River” and inserting the “mouth
of Bear Creek,” when the rule was further suspended, and the ordinance
read a third time, when the question was taken on its final passage, and
decided in the affirmative.
Mr. Harris offered the following resolution, which was passed:
Be it resolved by the General Council of the Provisional Government
of Texas, that the Governor be advised forthwith to direct the command-
er at Goliad, by the bearer Captain Miracle, directing said commander to
render Captain Miracle, all the aid necessary for him to pursue his journey
with dispatch, as he carries important papers from General Mexia, and
also from this body to, and in the neighborhood of Matamoras.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the report of the committee on military af-
fairs, respecting Colonel Sandoval, was recommitted to the committee.
Mr. Royall, from the select committee, to whom was referred a reso-
lution for opening a correspondence, with agents in different parts of
the United States, reported the following resolution, which was passed:
Be it resolved by the General Council of the Provisional Government
of Texas, that Doctor John Sibley be, and he is hereby appointed our
corresponding agent at the town of Natchitoches, for that town and its
vicinity; that he be notified-by the Governor of his appointment, and re-
quested to enter into immediate correspondence with this Government,
at least once a month, on all subjects of interest to Texas.
Be it further resolved, &c., that our general agents to the United
States, S. P. Austin and Branch T. Archer, be instructed by the Gover-
nor to appoint, by virtue of the powers vested in them, suitable corre-
sponding agents for Texas, in each principal town or city in the United
States, that pur said general agents notify said persons by letter of their
appointment, with a request that they enter immediately into a monthly
correspondence with this Government on all subjects of interest to Texas,
and with such powers as they may think proper, and authorized to dele-
gate them.
Be it further resolved, &c., that our agents aforesaid, be notified by
the Governor, of this resolution, and of the apopintment of Doctor John
Silbey of Natchitoches, as our corresponding agent for that town and
vicinity.
R. R. ROYALL, Chairman.
Mr. Barrett submitted a letter from Mr. Urbane, respecting the build-
ing now occupied by the Council, which was referred to a select com-
mittee of three, consisting of Messrs. Menifee, Mitchell and Royall.
A communication from S. Dinsmore, jr., respecting letters of marque
and reprisal, was taken up and read, and ordered to be kept on file.
The report from the committee on military affairs respecting a com-
missary for volunteers, was withdrawn by leave of the House.
The resignation of Mr. Parmer, tendered some days since, was accepted.
( 663 )