116
Proceedings of the General Council.
.A communication from P. Dimit at Goliad, respecting volunteers, •
taken up and ordered to he put on file.
A resolution respecting the storming of Bexar, was taken up and
motion, was ordered to be kept on file.
On motion, the Council adjourned to 3 o’clock, p. m.
was
on
THREE O’CLOCK, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The President congratulated the members of the General Council, on
the cheering intelligence just received in town by express, of the victory
achieved by our patriotic citizen volunteers, over the enemy, at Bexar,
and the surrender of that post. When on motion of Mr. Barrett,
Resolved, that a select committee of three be appointed to draft an ad-
dress to the citizen army on the victory obtained at Bexar, and. the reduc-
tion of that post: And also to inform
ers of this happy event.
Messrs. Barrett, Royall and Powers
our foreign agents or commission-
were appointed that committee.
On motion, it was resolved that a committee of three be appointed to
procure horses, and dispatch express, &c.
Messrs. Harris, Parker and Menifee were appointed that committee.
Mr. Gay presented to the House receipts for money delivered to the
commander of the volunteer army at Bexar, agreeably to an ordinance of
this Council; which were referred to the committee on finance, with di-
rections to settle with Mr. Gay.
Mr. Millard, from the committee on enrollments, presented as duly
enrolled,
An ordinance and decree for creating the municipality of Sabine, and
for organizing the same.
An ordinance for increasing the bounty of soldiers of the regular army.
On motion, the Council adjourned to 7 o’clock, p. m.
SEVEN O’CLOCK, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Barrett, from the select committee to draft an address, &c., re-
ported the following address to the volunteers, and resolutions; which
were adopted, and ordered to be forwarded to Bexar by express.
Council Hall, San FELIPE de Austin, )
December 15, 1835.	5
To General Edward Burleson. Colonel F. Johnson and all the brave
officers and soldiers of the citizen volunteer army in Bexar:
Fellow Citizens :—
The Representatives of your General Council, were this hour greeted
with the welcome intelligence of your glorious victory and triumphant
conquest, over the post of Bexar, with all your enemies prisoners,
together with all the arms, munitions and provisions. We expected no
less from our heroic citizens, and brave compatriots of our northern
brethren.—We felt that you were invincible, and that our enemies, al-
though greatly out-numbering you, must yield to the sons of freedom.
Their cause is that of oppression and tyranny, ours, that of liberty and
equal rights. They are but the hireling slaves of an usurper. You are
(664)