Proceedings of the General Council.
117
the brave sons of Washington and freedom, and you have proved your-
selves worthy of your glorious origin. You have fulfilled the ex-
pectations of your country, and the hopes of all the lovers of liberty
on earth. Your Representatives extend to you the cordial hand of con-
gratulation and gratitude, as well in behalf of our fellow-citizens and our
families, as for themselves. You have nobly and valiantly acquitted your-
selves of the high trust which your country’s danger caused you to as-
sume, and your names will be enrolled in the first pages of your coun-
try’s history of heroes, as well as imprinted on the hearts of your fellow-
citizens. But in the midst of joy there is mourning, and “while we shout
your victory, the tears of holy sorrow bedew our faces. The brave and
heroic Milam has fallen in the arms of victory; and the cause of his in-
jured country. In him we have lost a precious gem from the casket of
brilliant heroes. God rest his soul! while his memory shall survive as
long as a freeman -has a standing in Texas.
Other brave men have also mingled their blood with their country’s
sacrifices. Their honor is imperishable. That your first noble example
may be followed, is the ardent wish of your Representatives, whose ef-
forts in their sphere have been anxiously directed for your aid and com-
fort; and had your country’s means at command been equal to her gen-
erous gratitude, your every want had been promptly supplied.
Citizen Soldiers:—Many of you have long been in the field of honor
and of danger, separated from your families and your homes. A respite
from your labors and your privations must be desirable; and it is reason-
able, in anticipation of this glorious event to be achieved by your arms.
Your government have been solicitously engaged in organizing a regu-
lar army, upon a proper footing, together with provisions for an auxiliary
volunteer corps, that you might be released and get rest among your
families and friends, until the future calls of your country again place
you in defence of her, and your just rights. To such calls your have
always proved your hearty response. We address you in much haste, but
with feelings not to be repressed. Your joy is our joy, your sorrows our
sorrow's; and with assurance of unabating sympathies with you, and all
■our fellow-citizens in the present glorious epoch in our country’s annals,
We are trulv vour
FELLOW CITIZENS AND FRIENDS.
Your committee offer the following resolutions for the consideration of
the Council:
Resolved, That this council sensibly feel the great loss that Texas has
sustained in the death of the brave Colonel Benjamin R. Milam, who fell
while leading his heroic countrymen to victory, and that the President
and members of the General Council, in testimony of their heart-felt sor-
row, and mourning for his death, will wear crape on the left arm for
thirty days; and request that the Governor and all the officers of the Pro-
visional Government, do in like manner unite with us m wearing this
badge of mourning.
Resolved, that his Excellency the Governor, be respectfully invited to
unite with the President and Council in this address to the volunteer
army, and place his name officially to the same, and to the foregoing
resolutions; and that a copy be forthwith sent to the commander of the
(665 )