118
Proceedings of the Generat Council.
army, to be read publicly to all his command, as expressive of the grati-
tude of the country, and as a just testimony of respect to patriotism and
valor.
D. C. BARRETT, Chairman.
R. R. ROYALL, ) c ,
JAMES POWER, § Committee.
HENRY SMITH, Governor.
JAMES W. ROBINSON, Gov. and
Ex. Officio Pres’t. of Gen. Council.
E. W. Pease, Secretary of Gen. Council.
The same committee also presented the following communication to
our commissioners, which was also adopted:
Council Hall, )
December 15th, 1835. 5
To General S. F. Austin, Branch F. Archer and William H. Wharton,
Esqrs.
Citizen Commissioners:
Bexar has fallen! Our brave citizen volunteers, with a persevering
bravery and heroic valor, unparallelled in the annals of warfare, have
triumphed over a force of twice their number and compelled the slaves
of despotism to yield, vanquished by the ever resistless arms of freemen
soldiers. We have not time to enter into full detail of all that preceded
the glorious Thursday of December the tenth, when the final capitula-
tion of Cos and Ugartechea, was signed. From Saturday morning pre-
ceding the time that a detachment of three hundred of our brave citi-
ens, commanded by Colonel Benjamin R. Milam, got possession of two.
buildings near the public square of the city, an unceasing battle raged
until Wednesday, with constant advantage gained by our volunteers, un-
til the whole force of the enemy was driven within their last strong hold
across the river, the Alamo; on Wednesday night, Colonel Ugartecha, ef-
fected an entrance into that place, with a reinforcement of Mexicans,
supposed to amount to three hundred men; this day the black flag was
raised by General Cos. He fought with a desperation worthy a better
cause; but in vain! The unconquerable Texians, with their equally
brave auxiliaries from the United States of the North, could not be dis-
lodged, and the battle raged with murderous fury, with advantage to
us, and to the discouragement of the enemy, who became dismayed and
disheartened in a contest that but weakened them, and strengthened our
valorous brethren in arms, raised the signal of submission.
A treaty was entered into, by which all the cannon, a number of small
arms, and a large quantity of munitions of war, and provisions were sur-
rendered to- the conquerors. All the enemy, with their General and
officers, were prisoners, but released on parol of honor. But over the
joy of triumph for a victory, deep sorrow casts its gloom. We glory
in the issue, while mingling tears of lamentation for the brave Milam,
who nobly fell while fighting in the cause of liberty, and his country.
He was killed by a rifle ball on Tuesday, when the command devolved
upon Col. Francis W. Johnson, the second officer of the detachment, and
who has secured to himself the meed of praise, and the gratitude of his
( 666 )