Proceedings of the General Council.
119
fellow citizens, together with the brave heroes of his command. Two
other brave men fell, and about twenty-five men wounded.
Citizen-Commissioners: with the foregoing intelligence, you will enter
upon the duties of your mission with increased ardor, and brightened
hopes of full success; and while we congratulate you as being the bearers
of such joyful news, we renew to you our farewell blessing, and desire for
your continued health, and the prosperous success of the objects of your
present enterprize.
God and Liberty,
D. C. BARRETT, Chairman.
R. R. ROYALL, [ Committee
JAMES POWERS. 5 -omm-ttee
Resolved, that a copy of the foregoing communication and resolutions
upon which it was originated, signed by the President and Secretary, in
behalf of the General Council, be forthwith forwarded to our said com-
missioners.
Mr. Royall, from the same committee, reported two letters to Thomas
J. Rusk, agent for forwarding volunteers, &c., and to the committee of
safety of Nacogdoches; which were read and adopted.
Mr. Harris, from the committee to dispatch expresses &c., reported
verbally, on the manner in which they had discharged that duty.
The Executive Secretary presented the following message from the
Governor; which was read and ordered to lie on the table.
Executive DEPARTMENT of Texas.
To the Honorable, the President, and
Members of the Legislative Council:
GENTLEMEN:—
I herewith transmit the following bills, with my approval and signa-
ture:
The one requiring the commander-in-chief to remove his head quarters
to Washington.
One settling the mode by which officers of the army receive their
grade, when difficulties on that account should present themselves.
One appointing a Post Master General, and other officers.
One requesting the commander at Goliad to afford assistance, &c.
One for calling a convention.
And one for creating the municipality of Sabine.
Two I have returned without my signature for the following reasons:
The one requiring of me a transcript of the instructions extended to
our foreign agents and also the correspondence had with General Bur-
leson and other officers. Those to which you allude are all spread upon
the record in my Secretary’s office, and subject at all times to the perusal
of your body, and inasmuch as I have but one Secretary belonging to my
department, whose duties are arduous, and as such could illy spare the
time to make those transcripts, must beg the favor of your body to send
one of your own clerks for that purpose.
The other is an appropriation bill, in favor of McLaughlin, for the sum
of twenty-five dollars.
I have only to say to your body, whatever the facts of the case may
( 667 )