120
Proceedings of the General Council.
be, I am bound to premise that this bill was sent to my office through
mistake, for it is evident as the law now stands, that this bill or any
other appropriation bill, must originate with the committee on finance,
whose privilege it is to originate appropriations, and check on the Treas-
ury for the amount, and have the same entered on the journals of your
body. As such, my office is rid of the trouble of keeping any record per-
taining to the originating appropriations, or making drafts upon the
Treasury. There seems to be no propriety in sending the bill up to me,
when the authority to act is withdrawn from my department. Therefore
for the sake of consistency, if for no other reason, I return the bill.
HENRY SMITH, Governor.'
December 15, 1835.
On motion of Mr. Parker, the House proceeded to elect judges and
commissioners for organizing the militia in the municipality of Sabine.
The rule of voting by ballot was suspended, and James Gaines was elect-
ed first judge, William Harris second judge; and Isaac Lowe, Albert
Hinds and Matthew Parker were elected commissioners.
On motion of Mr. ------------, the inland revenue district, created by an
ordinance and decree, imposing duties on imposts, &c., was called Milam
revenue district, and Benjamin Holt appointed collector of the same.
Mr. Powers made a verbal report, that he had waited on General Mexia,
agreeably to a resolution of the Council, that General Mexia declined
co-operating with the volunteer army at Bexar, in consequence of which
he did not think himself authorized' to act under the resolution.
The report was accepted, and on motion of Mr. Harris,
Eesolved, that the thanks of this Council be presented to Mr. Powers,
for the prompt and satisfactory manner in which he discharged the duty
required of him by the resolution of this Council.
Mr. Harris offered the following resolution:
Resolved, that the thanks of the General Council be presented to
Thomas Gay for his patriotic exertions in forwarding the plans of this
Government, respecting the volunteer army, &e.
On motion of Mr. Planks, resolved, that the Governor be required to
notify either Henry Augustin, or Horton of the municipality of San Au-
gustine, that there is a vacancy in the Council from that municipality,
and require the attendance of one of them.
On motion of Mr. Barrett,
Eesolved, that the Secretary be required to- give Mr. Padilla a certi-
ficate of his time of service in this Council, that he may draw what is
due him after deducting advances made him.
Mr. Padilla’s account for articles furnished the volunteer army was
oresented and referred to the committee on public accounts.
On motion of Mr. Barrett,
Ee,solved, that the Treasurer be directed not to pay over to any orders
already drawn, any part of the money returned by Mr. Gay this day, but
hold it subject to any future orders of this Council.
On motion, the Council adjourned to nine o’clock to-morrow morning.
( 668 )