Proceedings of the General Council.
121
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
December 16th, 1835.	5
nine o’clock, a. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
A quorum not being present, adjourned to three o’clock, p. m.
THREE o’OLOCK, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The Executive Secretary presented the following message from the
Governor:
Executive DEPARTMENT of Texas.
To the Honorable the President, and
Members of the Legislative Council:
Gentlemen:—
I herewith transmit for your information, documents received from
various persons, touching a wrecked vessel near the Port of Matagorda.
That the unfortunate should receive the treatment as indicated in
these communications, is truly to be lamented, and if possible, should be
remedied. If, however, your body should not consider it in their power
to reach the present case, but leave it for the investigation of the con-
stituted authorities, it would at least be well to take the precaution to
prevent in some efficient manner, a recurrence of similar conduct. Our
sea coast for years has produced nothing but a scene of fraud, corruption
and piracies, to the unfortunate, who either by misfortune or design have
been driven upon our shores.
So well have we already established our character abroad for having a
piratical coast, that it is with difficulty insurances can be effected, and
always at an unusual high rate, and frequently not at all. This stage if
things has grown entirely out of our disorganized situation, and not hav-
ing the proper laws enacted to restrain the vice.
I confidently hope, that your honorable body will take this matter into
consideration, and pass such laws as will prevent a recurrence of these
evils, by making it highly criminal, in any person who will embezzle, or
attempt to defraud the unfortunate, by the unlawful seizure or sale of
their property.—They have very appropriately been termed the bone
pickers, who are eagle-eyed, ever hovering around to pounce upon their
unfortunate prey. It is now high time that Texas should retrieve her
character, in that respect, by passing laws for the protection of wrecked
property, whether found immediately at the wreck or elsewhere on the
sea coast, and designating the means by which salvage should be ad-
judged and settled, and that a proper disposition be made of the balance,
for the benefit of whom it may concern.
Having lived since my first settlement in the country contiguous to
the sea coast, and frequently called upon in an official capacity, to extend
protests and other documents, relative to wrecked vessels, I am well
aware of the intrigue, management and downright roguery, which has
been universally practised by the unprincipled speculators, and always
to the great injury, and frequently, total ruin of the unfortunate, without
having it in my power to remedy the evil; which makes me now more
(669)