122
Proceedings- of the General Council.
solicitous that your honorable body give the subject that attention which
it justly merits.
I am gentlemen,
Your obedient servant,
HENRY SMITH, Governor.
December 16th, 1835.
The communications accompanying the message were referred as fol-
lows :
A communication from J. W. Fannin, junior, respecting the disposi-
tion of a vessel wrecked at Matagorda, referred to the committee on the
state and judiciary.
A letter from sundry citizens of Matagorda, requesting the appoint-
ment of an auctioneer, &c., referred to the committee to revise the rev-
enue laws.
A communication from Judge Wilson, respecting the election of mili-
tia officers at Matagorda, referred to Mr. Parker.
A communication from Judge “Wilson, respecting certain prisoners,
&c., referred to Mr. Barrett.
The President laid before the House a letter from General Houston,
respecting the resignation of Lieutenant “Whitaker. Referred to the com-
mittee on military affairs.
Mr. Thompson, from Viesca, appeared, was sworn and took his seat,
as a member of the. Council.
The President laid before the House a letter from Mr. Forsyth, respect-
ing ammunition forwarded from Harrisburg; which was referred to the
committee on public accounts.
The account of Mr. Huff, for services rendered to the volunteer army,
was referred to the committee on public accounts.
Mr. Hanks, from the committee on military affairs, made the following
report, accompanied by an ordinance for the creation of a legion of
cavalry; which was read and ordered to lie on the table.
Your committee are of opinion, that the regular army of Texas, should
be augmented. From the intercepted correspondence forwarded to us
by the commanding officer at Goliad, and the commanding officer before
Bexar, together with all the communications received from the interior,
we are satisfied, that not less than eight or ten thousand central troops,
under the command of Santa Annans bravest and most experienced offi-
cers will be sent to invade Texas, between now and the ensuing spring,
in addition to those already within the borders of our State. From every
indication, Texas will have to battle single handed against the combined
forces of the central party, with Santa Anna for their leader, throughout
Mexico. The central party embraces most of the talents, wealth and
population, of the Mexican confederacy. The power and influence of
the Priest, will “also be extended against us. Church and State are thus
combined for the overthrow and demolition of free institutions; and the
friends and advocates of Constitutional liberty, in the interior, are so
few and weak, that they dare not resist the encroachments and usurpa-
tions of power, which have been made by this tremendous engine of des-
potism—the union of Church and State!—Texas alone has dared to re-
sist these usurpations: to vindicate her rights, and to repulse the hireling
( 670 )