Proceedings of the General Council.
123
soldiery of the ruffian tyrant, who have polluted our soil with their foot-
steps; aiming their blows at the life and liberty of every citizen.
Under this view of our situation, your committee believe that the es-
tablishment of a sufficient force to be the only means by which we can
sustain ourselves in the present struggle; and no man, we believe, will
contend for a moment, that the regular army, to be raised in accordance
with the organic law, will be able to resist and repel the combined forces
of all Mexico. What? Protect a sea coast of three hundred and fifty
miles, an extended frontier, and a scattered population of seventy or
eighty thousand inhabitants, with eleven or twelve hundred men, against
the forces of a nation containing eight millions of inhabitants; and that
nation denouncing us as rebels and traitors. Yes! Our frontier is already
invaded by their troops, and all the horrors of war brought within our
country. An augmentation of the army, is therefore absolutely neces-
sary for our safety and security; for the establishment and permanency
of free institutions in Texas, rest entirely upon the success of our arms.
Your committee are also of opinion, that one of the most important parts
of the army has been overlooked, to wit, the establishment of a troop of
cavalry. A troop of cavalry is indispensable for many reasons. No part
of the army, infantry especially, can move with that celerity to any part
of the country, which may be attacked by the enemy, as a troop of cavalry
is necessary to harrass an advancing or retreating enemy: Also to cut off
the provisions and supplies, and intercept the communications of our
enemies—to carry an express and do any act which requires celerity and
promptness of movement. Your committee has consulted, gentlemen of
experience and known abilities, relative to the creation of a troop of
cavalry. It is the opinion of Col. Fannin that the regular army should be
increased. General Austin, General Houston and W. B. Travis, Esq.,
all concur with your committee in the immediate necessity of creating a
troop of cavalry. It is true, that it will cost several thousand dollars, to
raise, organize, arm and equip an efficient troop of cavalry. Yet no one
can be so blind as to renounce the lasting prosperity and greatness of
Texas, rather than'spend a few thousand dollars, or a million if it were
necessary.
Your committee therefore recommend the adoption of the accompany-
ing ordinance.
Mr. Hanks also submitted an ordinance, &c. prohibiting officers of the
army from holding any other office during the war; which was read and
laid on the table.
Mr. Millard, from the committee on finance, offered the follow reso-
lution, which was passed:
Resolved by the General Council of the Provisional Government of
Texas, that whereas, a United States note or bank bill, with the check
letter, C, No. 5143, payable sixty days after date, to Mr. Robertson,
■Cashier, at the office of discount and deposite of the Bank of the United
States, for the sum of one thousand dollars, dated, .Philadelphia, March
18th, 1829, signed by W. McIlvain, Cashier, and N. Biddle, President,
being the same paid into the Treasury of the Provisional Government of
Texas, and now in the hands of the Treasurer of said Provisional Gov-
ernment of Texas.
Therefore, resolved, that the said Treasurer be authorised and em-
powered to pass the said note or bill, as above described, to Mr. Thomas
(671)