126
Proceedings of the General Council.
when the question was taken on its final passage, and decided in the
affirmative.
Mr. Power, who had been authorized to aid General Mexia to proceed
to Bexar, made the following report, which was accepted:
I have called on General Mexia at Columbia. He has declined to go
to Bexar to join with our people. His object is to go to Copano to join
with the two hundred Mexicans who are at Palo Blanco; and from thence
to take Matamoras, if possible. Mr. Fisher, who is acting Secretary to
the General, stated to me that the General could not place his military
character at stake by accepting a command under the Provisional Gov-
ernment of Texas, as Mr. Viesea is not Governor, I further understood
that General Mexia will be here in a short time, with a view of seeing the
Governor and Council, in hopes that they will place armed vessels to
blockade the ports of Vera Cruz and Tampico, and order all vessels
bound for said ports to Matamoras, where they can discharge their cargo,
as there seems to be no doubt of the latter port falling into the hands of
the liberal party. Mr. Fisher further stated that he was bearer of dis-
patches to General Mexia, that in February next there is a general plan
of revolutionizing all over Mexico. Under these circumstances I thought
it most prudent to return and inform the Council, and subject myself to
their further orders on this subject.
JAMES POWER.
Mr. Kerr, from the committee on land and Indian affairs, made the
following report and resolution:
Your committee on land and Indian affairs, beg leave to report, that
the third session of the organic law7, makes it the duty of the Governor
and his Council, to treat with the several tribes of Indians within the
limits of Texas, concerning their claims to land, and if possible to secure
their friendship.
By reference to the proceedings of the General Convention, it will be
seen that they made a solemn decree, that the Cherokee Indians and their
associate bands, (twelve tribes in number, agreeably to their last General
Council in Texas,) have derived their just claims to lands, included
within the bounds, hereafter mentioned, from the Government of Mex-
ico; from which also we have derived our rights to the soil by grant and
occupancy.
The General Convention also solemnly decreed, that the Governor and
Council, shall immediately on its organization, appoint commissioners to
treat with the said Indians, to establish the definite boundaries of their
territory, and secure their confidence and friendship. For the purpose
of carrying into effect the aforesaid third section of the organic law, and
the solemn declarations of the General Convention.
Your committee beg leave to offer for your consideration and action,
the accompanying resolution,
Be it resolved by the General Council of the Provisional Government
of Texas, that Sam Houston, John Forbes and John Cameron, be and
they are hereby appointed commissioners, to treat with the Cherokee
Indians, and their twelve associate bands, under such instructions as may
be given them by the Governor and Council; and should it so happen,
that all the commissioners cannot attend, any two of them shall have
power to conclude a treaty, and report the same to the General Council
of the Provisional Government, for its approval and ratification.
( 674)