Proceedings of the General Council.
131
It is the opinion of your committee that the corps of rangers already
created, is sufficient for the protection of the country, which the said
resolution contemplates.
WYATT HANKS,
J. D. CLEMENTS,
Committee.
Mr. Hanks, from the committee on military affairs, reported “an ordi-
nance and decree appropriating forty thousand dollars for raising and
organizing the regular army, &c.; which was read the first time and laid
on the table.
Mr. Barratt offered the following resolution, which was adopted:
Resolved, that all the members of this House, who have been acting in
the Councils of Texas, and from home two months or more, shall be en-
titled to draw, for thirty-three days per diem, upon the Treasurer through
the chairman of the committee on finance.
The report of the committee on military affairs, together with the ordi-
nance for raising a legion of cavalry, was taken up. The report was
adopted, and the ordinance read a second time; several amendments were
offered and adopted, when the rule was suspended and the ordinance
read a third time, and the question being taken on its final passage, was
decided in the affirmative.
The title of the ordinance was amended so as to read as follows:
An ordinanse and decree augmenting the regular army, by creating
a legion of cavalry.'
On motion of Mr. Royall, Mr. Hanks was appointed to wait on the
Governor, with the ordinance and request his immediate attention to it.
On motion, the Council adjourned to three o’clock, p. m.
TEREB o’clock, p. m.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The ordinance and decree to require the Paymaster and Quarter-master
Generals, to give bonds, &c., was taken up and read a second time. Sev-
eral amendments were offered and adopted; when Mr. Millard presented
an amendment for creating the office of a commissary general, &c.; which
was adopted. Some further amendments were adopted, when the rule
was suspended and the ordinance read the third time, and the question
taken on its final passage and decided in the affirmative.
The following was adopted as its title:
An ordinance and decree creating the office of Commissary General,
and regulating the offices of Paymaster and Quartermaster Generals, &c.
The Executive secretary presented the following message from the
Governor, which, together with accompanying documents, was referred
to the committee on military affairs:
Executive DEPARTMENT of Texas.
To the Honorable, the President, and
Members of the Legislative Council:
GENTLEMEN:—
I herewith transmit to your body, a communication received from the
commander-in-chief of the army, in which he complains of delays on your
( 679 )