132
Proceedings of the General Council.
part, in making the necessary appropriations for the recruiting service.
It must be obvious to all, that everything connected with the speedy or-
ganization of the army, should be attended to as speedily as possible, and
that no obstacle should be thrown in the way in the least calculated to
retard that object which is so essentially necessary to the protection of
the country. I therefore confidently hope that your body will immedi-
ately consider the matter and make such appropriations as will be ample
and sufficient for that service, and place it under such restrictions and se-
curities, as will be calculated in all cases, to secure the Government from
fraud and imposition, and by no means permit any barrier to remain, in
the least calculated to retard or discourage the recruiting service, on
which so much depends. I further have to suggest to you, the propriety
of appointing the commissioners on the part of the Government, to carry
into effect the Indian treaty as contemplated by the Convention; I can
see no difficulty which can reasonably' occur in the appointment, or select-
ing the proper agents on our part, having so many examples and prece-
dents before us. The United States have universally sent their most dis-
tinguished military officers to perform such duties, because the Indians
generally look up to, and respect their authority as coercive and para-
mount; I would therefore suggest the propriety of authorizing General
Sam Houston of the- army, and Colonel John Eorbes of Nacogdoches,
who has already been commissioned as one of my aids. These commis-
sioners would go especially instructed, so that no wrong could be com-
mitted either to the Government, the Indians, or our individual citizens.
All legitimate rights would be respected and no others; I am well aware
that we have no right to transcend the superior order and declaration
made by the Convention; that we must keep strictly within the provisions
of that article; and if I recollect that article right, the outline, or external
boundaries were demarked, within which the Indian tribes alluded to
should be located; but at the same time paying due regard to the legiti-
mate locations of our own citizens, within the same limits. If these In-
dians have introduced themselves in good faith under the colonization
laws of the Government, they’ should be entitled to the benefits of those
laws, and comply with their conditions. I deem it a duty which we owe
to them to pay all due respect to their rights, and claim their co-operation
in support of them; and at the same time not infringe the rights of our
own countrymen so far as they have been justly founded. These agents
going under proper instructions would be enabled to do right, but not
permitted to do wrong, as their negotiation would be subject to investi-
gation and ratification by the Government before it would become a law.
I am, gentlemen,
Your obedient servant,
HENRY SMITH, Governor.
December 18, 1835.
The Executive secretary also presented the following message from the
Governor:
( 680)