134
Proceedings of the General Council.
Also two letters from John W. Moore, contractor for the volunteer
army, which were read and ordered to be placed on file.
Also a letter from Col. T. J. Rusk, respecting his operations in pro-
curing volunteers, &c., which together with the letter addressed to Col.
Rusk a few days since, were referred to the committee on military affairs.
The President also submitted a letter from Silas M. Parker, superin-
tendent of Rangers, which was read and ordered to be placed on file.
Mr. Clements, from the committee on military affairs made the fol-
lowing report which was adopted:
Your committee are of opinion, that while the rangers act as a sep-
arate corps, Government is not bound to furnish a surgeon; and should •
they be called to act with the regular army, they will be entitled to the'
services of the surgeon of the regiment to which they are attached.
Mr. Millard from the committee on enrollments, reported as duly en-
rolled.
Also an ordinance and decree creating the office of commissary general,,
and regulating the offices of quarter-master and pay-master general.
An ordinance and decree increasing the regular army by creating a
legion of cavalry.
Mr. Clements from the committee on military affairs, made the follow-
ing report which was adopted:
Inasmuch as Colonel Sandoval has been released, or set at liberty upon
his parole of honor, your committee deem any further action on the part
of the General Council as unnecessary, and beg leave to be hence dis-
charged.
The executive secretary presented the following message from the'
Governor, which together with the accompanying documents was re-
ferred to the committee on military affairs.
Executive DEPARTMENT of Texas.
To the Honorable, the President, and
Members of the Legislative Council:
Gentlemen:—
I herewith transmit to your body two appointments which purport to
have been made by the commander-in-chief of the volunteer army at
Bexar. I lay them before by special request, well knowing that you
understand your duties in that particular, and as such, will appreciate
those appointments in a proper manner. The campaign against Bexar
seems to have terminated by capitulation. It is now time for the Govern-
ment to bring every thing under its own proper control, and pursue the
organic system in place of confusion, or desultory warfare. This alone
can cure evils, which necessitous precipitancy has thrown in upon us.
That this newly framed organization, springing from the midst of an-
archy and confusion would be sustained without encountering difficul-
ties could not be expected. Restless, disorganizing spirits are, and ever
have been, busy both in the camp and at home, with their vile intrigues
and machinations to sap the very foundation of all our hopes. Your
honorable body cannot be so blind as not to discover their base pur-
poses. I now warn you, to place on them the mark of Cain, as an as-
surance, that their merited fate awaits them. I have previously admon-
ished you, that no common duties devolve upon you. That a bold
( 682 )