Proceedings of the General Council.
135
determined stand on your part was necessary to the preservation of the
country. The foundation already laid must be sustained, and the fabric
reared upon it; it is for you then, who have been entrusted with the
charge, to aid by your indefatigable perseverance to complete the build-
ing. There is virtue in the people, and they will sustain you.
I am, gentlemen,
Your obedient servant,
HENRY SMITH, Governor.
December 18, 1835.
Mr. Linn, from the select committee appointed to revise the revenue
laws, &c., made the following report, accompanied by a revised ordinance:
Your committee to whom was referred the custom house and revenue
laws, beg leave to make the following report:
That the ordinance and decree establishing ports of entry, and duties
of impost and tonnage, and for other purposes, should be revised for the
following reasons, viz.
1.	The bonds and security to be given by collectors are less than would
cover the amount of public money that might come in their hands.
2.	In the appointing under officers in the custom houses, both the Gov-
ernor and Council, and collectors had the same authority to make those
officers, anad the result might be, that two officers might be appointed to
the same office, and both appointments be legally made.
3.	In the mode the duties were to have been paid, the payment of
duties on all sums less than one hundred dollars, cash, and all sums over
that amount six months credit; the result would be, that for the first six
months no money could be available to the Government from this branch
of the revenue, and it would be rather unfair to give an importation of
one hundred dollars as much credit as one of five thousand.
-1. And also no salaries for the under custom house officers were speci-
fied, nor were the entry or clearance fees of vessels defined.
They beg leave to submit to your consideration a revised ordinance
and decree on imposts and tonnage duties, and for other purposes.
JOHN J. LINN, Chairman.
The above report was accepted, and the ordinance read the first time.
The rule was suspended and the ordinance ordered to a second reading,
when on motion the Council adjourned till seven o’clock, p. m.
SEVEN o’clock, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The ordinance and decree which was under consideration when the
House adjourned was taken up and read a second time and after several
amendments, was adopted, and on motion of Mr. Barrett was recommit-
ted to the select committee who reported it for enrollment.
The Executive secretary presented, approved by the Governor,
An ordinance and decree increasing the regular army by raising a le-
gion of cavalry.
On motion of Mr. Barrett,
Resolved, that the chairman of the committee on finance be directed
to draw an order on the treasurer in favor of the secretary, for the sum of
fifty dollars, for the purpose of procuring stationery, lights and fuel.
( 683 )