136
Proceedings of the General Council.
On motion of Mr. Barrett the rule of the House was suspended and
Edward Burleson elected colonel of infantry, to supply the vacancy oc-
casioned by the non-acceptance of Philip A. Sublette.
The election of officers for the legion of cavalry was made the order of
the day for to-morrow.
On motion the Council adjourned till nine o’clock to-morrow morning.
COUNCIL HALL, San Felipe de AUSTIN, )
December 20th, 1835. j
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of the proceedings of yesterday being read,
Mr. Barrett from the committee on the state and the judiciary, to
whom was referred the petition of S. E. Robertson, reported.
An ordinance and decree for the perfecting of land titles to actual
settlers, which was read the first time and ordered to lie on the table.
The letter of Mirabeau B. Lamar to the convention, was referred to
the committee on military affairs.
The House proceed to the order of the day, which was the election of
officers for the legion of cavalry.
Several communications were read recommending certain persons.
On motion of Mr. Millard the rule of voting by ballot was suspended,
and W. B. Travis, unanimously elected lieutenant colonel of the legion of
. cavalry.
On motion the House took a recess of one hour.
TWO O’CLOCK, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
And proceeded to the election of officers for the legion of cavalry.
William P. Miller, M. W. Smith and John A. Money were put in nom-
ination.
On counting the ballots there were for Wm. P. Miller fourteen votes.
John A. Money one vote.
Whereupon, William P. Miller was declared duly elected major of the
legion of cavalry.
The House then proceeded to ballot for captains, when John N. Se-
guin, Robert Wilson, John H. Forsyth, B. J. White, Haden Edwards,
and John York were duly elected captains of the legion of cavalry.
A letter from J. H. Bell respecting powder forwarded to the volunteer
army was read, and on motion of Mr. Royall, referred to the committee
on military affairs, with instructions to address a letter to Mr. Bell, ex-
pressing the thanks of the Council for his prompt attention in forward-
ing ammunition, &c.
The House then proceeded to ballot for first lieutenants of cavalry,
when William G. Hill, Meriwether W. Smith, Allen Larison, Jonathan
Burleson, Placido Benavidas and William Bracken were duly elected first
lieutenants of the legion of cavalry.
The House then proceeded to ballot for second lieutenants when Joseph
E. Scott, James B. Bonham, John M. Thurston, Manuel Carabajac,
(684 )