138
Proceedings of the General Council.
“Except in cases of their appointment as commissioners to treat with
the Indians under the provisions of the organic law.”
The ayes and noes being called on the amendment of Mr. Kerr, they
were,
AYES.—Messrs. Menifee, Linn, Harris, Kerr, Millard, West, Barratt,
Parker.—8.
NOES.—Messrs. Clements, Hanks, Royall, Powers, McMullen, Thomp-
son, Mitchell.—7.
So the amendment was adopted.
The question was then taken on the amendment of Mr. Clements as
amended, which was negatived; when the question on the passage of the
original resolution.
The ayes and noes being called for, there were,
AYES.—Messrs. Clements, Harris, West, Powers, McMullen, Thomp-
son, Mitchell.—7.
NOES.—Messrs. Menefee, Linn, Hanks, Kerr, Millard, Barrett, Royall,
Parker.—8.
So the resolution was negatived.
The President laid before the House a letter from John M. Allen,
which was read and ordered to be placed on file.
On motion of Mr. Harris,
Resolved, that the thanks of the Council be presented to Captain John
M. Allen, and the officers and men composing his company, for the patri-
otic tender of their services to aid the people of Texas, in defence of their
constitutional rights.
On motion, resolved, that Mr. Harris be requested to wait on Captain
Allen, and present him with a copy of the above resolution.
The House took up the ordinance and decree prohibiting officers of the
army from holding any other office, which was read a second time.
The ordinance and decree making an appropriation for the regular
army, and for other purposes, was taken up and read the third time;
when the question was taken on its final passage and decided in the
affirmative.
On motion of Mr. Barrett,
Resolved, that a committee be appointed to examine into, and report
the situation of the printing of the proceedings of Convention.
Messrs. Parker, Millard and Royall were appointed that committee.
On motion of Mr. Barrett,
Resolved, that Messrs. Mitchell, Kerr and Harris, be appointed a com-
mittee to examine, in conjunction with Captain B. Sims, such private
papers of his as may be among the archives of the land office at this place.
Mr. Royall offered the following resolution, which was adopted:
Resolved by the General Council of the Provisional Government of
Texas, that the committee of finance be ordered to draw a draft in favor
of William Pettus on the Treasurer, for fifty dollars, for money advanced
by him to Captain Allen, as per receipt of the 18th December, 1835, and
that the clerk of the committee on public accounts make a record of this
resolution for final settlement of William Pettus’ account, as con-
tractor, &c.
On motion, the Council adjourned to three o’clock, p. m.
(686)