Proceedings of the General Council.
139
THREE O’CLOCK, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
A quorum not being present, adjourned to nine o’clock to-morrow.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
December 22d, 1835.	5
nine o’clock, a. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday’s proceeding being read,
Mr. Millard, from the committee on enrollments, reported as duly en-
rolled,
An ordinance and decree making an appropriation for the regular
army, and for other purposes.
The Executive Secretary presented approved by the Governor:
An ordinance and decree creating the office of Commissary General,
and regulating the offices of Paymaster and Quarter-master General.
An ordinance and decree making an appropriation for the regular
army, and for other purposes.
Mr. Hanks, from the committee on miltary affairs, made the follow-
ing report, which was adopted:
Your committee, to whom was referred the message of his Excellency,
the Governor, of the eighteenth instant, have had the same under con-
sideration, and respectfully report, that the necessity of system and or-
ganization, in the place of confusion and anarchy, are urged in said
message, as all important in the present posture of our affairs.
It is also the opinion of your committee, that the appointment of a
Paymaster for the troops at San Antonio de Bexar, is unnecessary at this
time for several reasons.
. In the first place,- there is no money in the Treasury to pay the sol-
diers, or for any other purpose.
Secondly—a Paymaster has been already appointed, and will proceed
to discharge the duties of his office as soon as the Government has funds.
Beside the principal complaint against the General Council is, that two
many offices have been created, and to create that number when there
is nothing for them to do, the present impoverished state of our finances,
would give just cause of complaint.
Your committee cannot under these circumstances recommend the ap-
pointment of any additional officer at this time; but as soon as money
can be obtained to pay the troops at Bexar, it will be necessary to appoint
a Paymaster.
On motion of Mr. Hanks, Mr. Adams had leave to withdraw his
papers.
_ Mr. Parker, from the committee appointed to examine into the situa-
tion of the printing of the proceedings of the Convention, made a verbal
report on the subject.
Mr. Linn stated to the House that N. Roderiques, who had certain
horses in his charge, taken by the volunteer army, wished to be dis-
charged.
On motion of Mr. Royall,
Resolved, that N. Roderiques be directed to deliver the horses put un-
( 687 )