140
Proceedings of the General Council.
der his care by General Austin, into the possession of Eli Mercer, and
take his receipt for the same, specifying the number.
Mr. Clements presented the account of Mr. C. O. Brian, which was re-
ferred to the committee of public accounts.
Mr. Clements presented the following resolution, which was adopted:
Be it resolved by the General Council of the Provisional Government
of Texas, that Captain James Cheshire be, and he is hereby authorized
to purchase provisions and supplies for his company for twenty-five men,
on his way home, giving receipts for the same, accompanied by drafts on
the Government: Providing, the whole sum shall not exceed two hundred
and fifty dollars, and said drafts shall be considered as debts due by the
Government.
J. D. CLEMENTS.
Mr. Royall presented the account of Hamlet, Ferguson and A. G.
Long.
On motion of Mr. Royall,
Resolved, that the chairman of the committee on finance be directed
to draw on the Treasurer in favor of Hamlet, Ferguson and A. G. Long,
at four months, for the sum of three hundred and thirty-five dollars, for
horses broken down and expenses in going to the army.
On motion, the House adjourned to three o’clock, p. m.
THREE o’clock, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Royall presented letters from J. G. Robertson and S. Rhodes
Fisher, respecting the wreck of the schooner Hannah Elizabeth, which
were ordered to be placed on file.
The House then proceeded to the orders of the day, which was the
election of commissioners to treat with the Indians.
When Sam Houston, John Forbes and John Cameron were duly
elected.
The following resolution, reported by the committee on land and In-
dian affairs, was then taken up and adopted.
Be it resolved by the General Council of the Provisional Government
of Texas, that Sam Houston, John Forbes and John Cameron be, and
they are hereby appointed commissioners to treat with the Cherokee In-
dians and their twelve associate bands, under such instructions as may
he given them by the Governor and Council, and should it so happen that
all the commissioners can not attend, any two of them shall have power
to conclude a treaty, and report the same to the General Council of the
Provisional Government, for its approval and ratification.
Resolved, that said commissioners be required to hold said treaty as
soon as practicable.
A copy of the above resolutions was ordered to be furnished to each of
the gentlemen elected.
Mr. Parker submitted his views respecting instructions to be given to
the commissioners; which on motion of Mr. Barrett were, together-with
the report of J. L. Hood, P. J. Minard and others, referred to the com-
mittee on land and Indian affairs, with instructions to report an ordi-
nance, requiring the Governor to give instructions to the commissioners..
(688 )