Proceedings of the General Council,
141
On motion, the House went into secret session, and after some time
spent therein, the doors being opened,
On motion, the House adjourned till nine o’clock to-morrow morning.
COUNCIL Hall, SAN FELIPE de AUSTIN, )
December 23d, 1835.	5
nine o’clock, a. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday’s proceedings being read,
Mr. Barrett, from a select committee, made the following report,
which was adopted:
Your select committee to whom was referred the letters of General
Mexia and others,
Report, that on examing all the papers and documents concerning the
plans of co-operating with, and proposals of assistance to the people of
Texas, from General Mexia and others, Mexican Liberals.
They would advise that the order from the General Council to Thomas
F. McKinney, of the seventeenth instant, be countermanded, as your
committee can find no reason for declining the aid of General Mexia, or
the aid and co-operation of any Mexican Liberal, whose cause is our
cause, as opposed to military despotism: and advise that the advances
made to General Mexia by the Government agents, be respected.—But
your committee are under the necessity of recommending to this Council,
the avoidance of future responsibilities and advances, on account of our
Mexican fellow-citizens, whose interests are directing their efforts against
centralism, in common with ourselves.
Our Treasury is barren, our resources for present operations must be
drawn from foreign capitalists, and of consequence, doubtful. And if
the Mexican patriots are induced to act in the common cause, let them
depend upon their own resources, as Texas does upon hers. Texas asks
no pecuniary aid at the hands of her Mexican brethren; nor is she able
to extend it to them. Her citizens will resist the oppression and violation
of their rights at every hazard, with or without the assistance of any
power on earth; resting confidently that the justice of their cause will
secure the sanction of the omnipotent God; who will protect them in
their noble efforts to sustain the natural rights of man.
D. C. BARRETT, Chairman
of the select committee of five.
December 23d, 1835.
Resolved, that the President of the Council be requested to address
a letter to Mr. McKinney on the subject of the foregoing report, and that
he enclose therein a copy of this report and resolution.
On motion of Mr. West, the House proceeded to the election of first
Judge of the municipality of Jefferson, in the place of
not accepted.
, who has
When William Millspaugh was duly elected first Judge of the muni-
cipality of Jefferson.
On motion, the House adjourned to three o’deck, p. m.
44 —vol. i.
(689 )