Proceedings of the General Council.
145
THREE O’CLOCK, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
A communication from Captain Cheshire was presented, and on mo-
tion of Mr. West, was referred to the committee on military affairs.
The accounts of Messrs. Hanks and Milam, for responsibilities assumed
for volunteers on thir way to the army, for fourteen dolars and forty-three
cents, was allowed, and the chairman of the committee of finance, di-
rected to draw on the Treasurer for the same.
The Executive Secretary presented the following message from the
Governor, which, together with the accompanying documents, was re-
ferred to the committee on military affairs.
Executive Department of Texas.
To the Honorable, the President, and
members of the Council:
Gentlemen:—
I herewith transmit for your information, a communication just re-
ceived from Bexar, together with the resignation of George Ewing, Esq.,
who has been appointed and commissioned first Judge of the jurisdic-
tion of Austin, which leaves a vacancy to be filled up. All of which is
communicated to your body, for your information and corresponding
effects.
By your obedient servant,
HENRY SMITH, Governor.
December 24th, 1835.
On motion, the ordinance and decree regulating the duties on imposts
and tonnage was taken up and read, and several amendments offered and
adopted.
When the ordinance was ordered to be engrossed under the superin-
tendance of Messrs. Barrett and Linn.
On motion, the Council adjourned till nine o’clock to-morrow morn-
ing.
Council Hall, San Eelipe de AUSTIN, )
December 25th, 1835.	)
nine o’clock, a. m.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday’s proceedings being read,
Mr. Barrett presented a corrected copy of the journals of the Conven-
tion, which was ordered to be handed over to the printer for publication,
agreeably to a resolution of the Convention.
Mr. Mitchell was appointed to superintend the printing of the same.
Mr. Royall presented an ordinance and decree for creating the office
of auditor of public accounts, and for other purposes, which was read
the first time.
On motion, the rule was suspended and the ordinance read a second
time, and ordered to lie on the table until nine o’clock to-morrow morn-
ing.
( 693 )