146
Proceedings of the General Council.
The account of William L. Armstrong for sendees in the volunteer
army, was presented and allowed.
The chairman of the committee of finance was directed to draw on the
Treasurer for ten dollars, in favor of William L. Armstrong.
Mr. Armstrong made a statement under oath respecting the account of
Mr. Hatton.
Mr. Clements presented a petition from certain officers, asking per-
mission to proceed to Copano, which was read and referred to the com-
mittee on military affairs.
Mr. Kerr, from the committee on land and Indian affairs, reported
resolutions for instructing commissioners to treat with the Indians;
which was read and ordered to lie on the table until to-morrow.
Mr. Menifee presented a petition of several citizens of Austin and
Harrisburg for a new municipality, which was referred to the committee
on the state and judiciary.
The President submitted a letter from the committee of. safety at
Liberty, respecting ammunition forwarded agreeably to the order of this
Council; which was read and ordered to be placed on file.
Mr. Parker was authorized to dispose of two horses belonging to the
Government, and in the possession of William Perry, and report to this
Council.
On motion, the Council adjourned till seven o’clock, p. m.
SEVEN O’CLOCK, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Parker presented the account of James S. Halcomb, which was
allowed, and the chairman of the committee of finance directed to draw
on the Treasurer in favor of said Halcomb, for forty-three dollars and
forty-four cents.
Mr. Hanks, from the committee on military affairs, made the follow-
ing report, which was read and ordered to lie on the table.
The committee on military affairs to whom was referred major P. W.
Johnson’s letter of the eighteenth of December, 1835,'from head Quar-
ters at San Antonio de Bexar, have had the same under consideration,
and from the information contained therein, together with the intelli-
gence received of the movements of general Cos, after his departure from
San Antonio de Bexar, from a private source, renders it necessary to con-
centrate on the frontier, at the most important points, all the troops that
can be raised, and that as speedily as possible.
We are also informed by the communication received from Bexar, that
advices have been received at that place, stating that general Reuvier
Sesma, had arrived at Loredo with five hundred cavalry, and one thou-
sand infantry for the purpose of reinforcing general Cos; and that an
army was raising at San Louis Potosi to be commanded by President
Santa Anna.
Your committee would therefore recommend, that an express be sent
to the commander-in-chief of the regular army of Texas, forwarding to
him a copy of the letter received from Bexar of the eighteenth ultimo;
and the private intelligence of the movements of general Cos, and fur-
ther; that Colonel J. W. Pannin be ordered to proceed, forthwith, to the
west, and take command of the regular and auxiliary troops, and that Col.
Travis be ordered to repair, with all possible dispatch, to the frontier or
( 694)