Proceedings of the General Council..
147
the seat of war, with all the troops he can bring into the field at this
time, under his command; and that the troops at Washington, and such
as may be on the Gaudaloupe, will be ordered to repair immediately, to
Goliad, Copano, or Bexar, for the purpose of co-operating with, and act-
ing in concert in the general defensive or offensive operations, which may
be ordered or deemed necessary.
Your committee would further earnestly recommend, that the com-
mander-in-chief, be ordered to concentrate all the troops under his
command, or that can be brought into the field, at Goliad, or Copano,
with all possible dispatch, taking care at the same time, to procure by
his contractors, the necessary supplies of provisions for the sustenance of
his troops, and that his orders be executed with all promptness and dis-
patch. And further that the commander-in-chief be required to arrange,
and give orders to his recruiting officers, and make such disposition of
his recruiting officers as may be deemed best by him.
Therefore your committee recommend the adoption of the following
resolutions.
Inasmuch,, as the number of troops fit for duty now in the field is very
much augmented: there being four hundred troops now at Bexar, seventy
at Washington,' eighty at Goliad, two hundred at Velasco, and several
companies on their march to the different military posts and places of
rendezvous; making in the aggregate seven hundred and fifty men, now
in service, and ready for active operation; and at least one hundred more,
not enumerated in the above aggregate who will join the army in a few
days. Active operations should be immediately commenced. For the ex-
pense of the above number of men, now in service, together with the
officers and contingent expenses, are too great for Texas, in the present
state of her finances. Besides to keep the troops idle, who have entered
the service, will do us great injury at this time. It will induce those who
are willing to aid us, to believe that we have no use for any more troops;
and it will give our enemies time to fortify Matamoras and Loredo; so
they can demonstrate upon us in the spring or whenever they think
proper; knowing that their fortifications would enable them to retreat
securely, even if they were defeated, and should it become necessary to
take either of the aforesaid places, for the security of our frontier, it will
■ be far more difficult, than it would be at this time. And no man can doubt
the importance and necessity of striking a decisive blow, at once, by
taking Matamoras, we have the possession'of the key! yes, the commercial
depot of the whole country north and northwest, for several hundred
miles. We can then fortify the place; demonstrate, when an occasion
presents itself, or it becomes necessary, upon the towns north and west.
We can also land provisions, and all the munitions of war, and troops if
necessary at that point (Matamoras) at any time with perfect safety, and
without, incurring half the expense or risk we must at present. And we
can also command the Gulf of Mexico from that point to the city of
New Orleans, and land our troops and supplies wherever we please.
Therefore be it resolved, by the General Council of the Provisional
Government of Texas: That his Excellency Henry Smith, Governor, be
and he is hereby earnestly requested to concentrate all his troops, by his
proper officers, at Copano and San Patricio for the purpose of carrying
into effect the objects expressed and contained in the foregoing report.
Be it further resolved, that no officer of the regular army of Texas
( 695 )