148
Proceedings of the General Council.
shall receive pay until he is in actual service, under orders of the com-
mander-in-chief.
Mr. Hanks from the same committee presented the following report,
which was read and adopted.
Your committee to whom was referred the petition of certain officers
asking permission to proceed to Copano, have had the same under consid-
eration, and would respectfully recommend to the honorable the General
Council that his excellency the Governor be requested to give said peti-
tioners permission or orders to proceed to Copano to fortify and defend
said place, until they receive further orders, and that his excellency,
Henry Smith, Governor, be requested to notify the commander-in-chief
of the regular army of Texas of the same.
Your committee deems it important to order Capt. Allen to that point,
and also to accept the service of such volunteers as tender their services,
to aid Captain Allen and his company for many important reasons. In
the first place, provisions ammunition, and supplies will be ordered to
Copano by our agents in New Orleans, and they will be liable to be taken
by our enemies, unless a sufficient force is stationed there to guard them.
Besides, we are threatened with a large army under the command of
Santa Anna: and by building fortifications at different points on the
frontier of our state we shall be able to contend against a much superior
force to what we otherwise should. It will also throw an additional num-
ber of troops on the frontier to co-operate and act in concert with the
regular and auxiliary troops, should a large force be sent to invade us
immediately: which we have every reason to believe will be the case, and
that before we can even raise and organize a regiment of the regular army.
Your committee would therefore respectfully recommend the hon-
orable, the General Council, the adoption of the following resolution.
Resolved, That Captain Allen’s and J. Cheneweth’s petition together
with this report be copied by the secretary and handed to his excellency
Henry Smith, Governor of the Provisional Government of Texas.
The president submitted several communications from Nacogdoches
and other places, which were 'read and referred to the committee on the
state and judiciary.
On motion of Mr. Royall, the vote ordering the ordinance and decree
for creating the office of Auditor, to lie on the table was reconsidered and
the ordinance recommitted with instructions to amend it by creating the
office of comptroller.
Mr. Royall presented the account of John W. Allen, which was
allowed, and the chairman of the committee of Finance directed to draw
on the treasurer in favor of said Allen, for two hundred and twenty five
dollars.
The House took up the message of the Governor of the seventeenth
instant, containing charges, &c., which had been laid on the table on the
twenty-third.
When the resolutions offered by Mr. Menifee were amended, and passed
unanimously in the following form:
1st. Resolved by the General Council of the Provisional Government
of Texas, That this Council does not recognize or acknowledge any power
in the executive branch of said Government, to object to, or veto appoint-
ments to office made by this Council. That, the appointing power is ex-
clusively with the Council, and the commissioning is a duty of 'the Gov-
( 696 )