Proceedings of the General Council.
149
ernor, consequent upon his office; and even it otherwise, the veto as re-
turned upon the list of officers appointed by this Council, dated the
eleventh .instant, was not returned within the three days prescribed by
the ordinance and decree declaring the mode of passing, signing and pub-
lishing the ordinances, decrees and resolutions of the Provisional Gov-
ernment of Texas. The list of officers appointed was sent to the executive
■office the twelfth of December, and returned December seventeenth.
3d. Resolved, that by the eleventh article of the organic law, this
Council can only consider charges and specifications preferred against a
member of this Council, for malfeasance or misconduct in office.
3d. Resolved, that the charges of this character preferred by the Gov-
ernor in his message of the seventeenth instant, against D. C. Barrett,
the General Council repel, as being untrue; and the other charges-are
not a subject matter proper to be investigated by this Council, according
to the aforesaid article of the organic law.
4th. Resolved, that the Governor be, and he is hereby requested, to
issue commissions, forthwith, to the persons named in the certified list
of the persons elected under date of the eleventh instant.
5th. Resolved, that the Governor be furnished with a copy of the fore-
going resolutions.
On motion of Mr. Menifee the seals of secrecy were removed from all
the proceedings in secret session up to this date.
On motion of Mr. Kerr:
Resolved, that the message of the Governor of the seventeenth instant
he filed among the papers of the Council, and not entered on the journal.
Mr. Mitchell, asked and obtained leave of absence for a few days.
On motion, the House adjourned till nine o’clock to-morrow morning.
Council Hall, San FELIPB de Austin, 1
December 26th, 1835. J
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
, The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday’s proceedings being read,
Mr. Barrett from the committee on the state and judiciary, offered the
following resolution, which was read and adopted:
Resolution for paying the secretary of the council and chief clerk of
the state and finance committee, &c.
Be it resolved by the General Council of the Provisional Government
of Texas, that the chairman of the committee of finance, be required to
give to E. M. Pease, Esq., secretary of the General Council, an order upon
the treasurer for fifty dollars, to apply on his per diem wages, also a like
order, for the same sum, in favor of J. W. Moody, chief clerk of the state
and finance committees, to apply on his per diem wages.
Be it further resolved, that the treasurer be required to hold the bal-
ance of all money in the treasury, or that may come therein, as appro-
priated to the contingent expenses of this house, for paying expresses,
and expenses for sick and destitute soldiers, and for no other purpose
until further directed by the General Council.
Mr. Menifee presented the account of James Kerr, for a horse taken
( 697 )