150
Proceedings of the General Council.
by the express rider to Bexar, which was referred to the committee on
public accounts.
Mr. Linn presented the account of captain Allen for provisions and
property taken for his company, which was referred to. a select committee
of three consisting of Messrs. Linn, Menifee and Harris.
Mr. Thompson offered the following resolution, which was read and
adopted:
Eesolved, that the town at the falls of the Brazos river in the Nash-
ville colony heretofore known by the name of Viesca, be altered to that
of Milam and that the municipality in which it is situated by known by
the name of the jurisdiction of Milam.
Edward B. Wood of Kentucky made a tender of his services to aid
Texas in her present struggle. The subject was referred to the committee
on military affairs.
Mr. Powers presented the petition of William Bromley for an appoint-
ment in the engineer department, which was read and referred to the
committee on military affairs.
On motion of Mr. Kerr, the resolution for instructing the commission-
ers appointed to treat with the Indians, was taken up, several amend-
ments were offered and adopted, when the resolutions were passed in the
following form:
Be it resolved by the General Council of the Provisional Government
of Texas, That Sam Houston, John Forbes and John Cameron, appoint-
ed commissioners to treat with the Cherokee Indians, and their associate
bands, be and they are hereby instructed to proceed as soon as practica-
ble to Nacogdoches, and hold a treaty with the Indians aforesaid, and
that they shall in nowise transcend the declarations made by the con-
sultation of November last, in any of their articles of treaty.
Be it further resolved, that they are required in all things to pursue a
course of justice and equity towards the Indians, and to protect all honest
.claims of the whites, agreeable to such laws, compacts, or treaties, as the
said Indians have heretofore made with the republic of Mexico, and that
the commissioners be instructed to provide in said treaty with the In-
dians, that they shall never alienate their lands, either separately or col-
lectively, except to the government of Texas, and to agree that the said
government will, at any time hereafter, purchase all their claims at a fair
and reasonable valuation.
Be it further resolved, that the Governor be required to give to the
commissioners such definite and particular instructions, as he may think
necessary to carry into effect the object of the foregoing resolutions, to-
gether with such additional instructions as will secure the effective co-
operation of the Indians, at a time when it may be necessary to call all
the effective force of Texas into the field, and agreeing for their service
in a body for a specified time.
Be it further resolved, that the commissioners be authorized and em-
powered to exchange other lands within the limits of Texas, not other-
wise appropriated, in place of the lands claimed by said Cherokee In-
dians, and their associate bands.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, Mr. Powers was requested to communicate
to the commissioners, his willingness that an exchange might be made
with the Indians for lands within the contract of Mr. Cameron and him-
self, and to leave a copy of said communication with the Council.
(698)