152
Proceedings of the General Council.
for the loss of a gray mare, (American,) appraised by William Dunlevy
and Andrew Devoult, at seventy-five dollars, making an aggregate of
one hundred and twenty-five dollars, sixty-six cents, in favor of Benjamin
C. Wallace.
No. 26. An account sworn to and passed for the amount of seven dol-
lars, in favor of Henry Millard, for stationery, and cash furnished for the
use of the House, &c.
No. 27. A certificate and affidavit for a horse of a dun color, valued at
sixty dollars, which amount is passed in favor of James Kerr.
No. 28. An account made up from the discharge, as Mr. Hall wished
his discharge to accompany him back to the United States, examined and
passed for twenty dollars, in favor of John F. Hall.
R. R. ROYALL, Chairman of
Committee on Public Accounts.
Mr. Royall, from the same committee, also made a verbal report of the
account of John W. Fogg, for one hundred and sixteen dollars, sixty-six
cents; which was allowed and the chairman of the committee on finance
authorized and directed to draw upon the Treasurer in favor of said Fogg
for that amount.
Mr. Hanks presented the following resolution, which was adopted:
Resolved, that all commissioned officers in the regular army of Texas,
when ordered on the recruiting service, shall be authorized and empow-
ered to administer the oath prescribed by law, to all or every person or
persons, who shall enlist into the’service of Texas, and sign enlistments
as a soldier in the regular army.
Mr. Hanks presented “an ordinance and decree creating the offices of
Auditor and Comptroller of Public Accounts for Texas;” which was read
a first time, when the rule was suspended, and the ordinance read a
second time, and after some amendments, the rule was further suspended,
and the ordinance read a third time, when the question was taken on its
final passage, and decided in the affirmative.
The Executive Secretary presented a message from the Governor, which
was read, and which, together with the accompanying documents, was
referred to the committee on the state and judiciary.
The following is the message:
Executive Department of Texas.
To the Honorable, the President, and
Members of the Legislative Council:
Gentlemen:—
I transmit to your body a transcript made from a communication just
received from John Forbes, Esq. of Nacogdoches, a part of the com-
munication being of a private character, precludes its introduction, ex-
cept such part as relates to the public.
Mr. Forbes encloses back a commission, which had been previously
sent to him, which I herewith transmit to you with these remarks, as a
reason why it was returned. That he had previously received the ap-
pointment of first judge of that municipality, and in obedience to an
ordinance and decree regulating offices under this Government, he felt
bound to decline his acceptance to the last commission, and as such re-
( 700 )