154
Proceedings of the General Council.
the Government, and whether it is still continued, &c. I have never
known any such duty, or law having been in force.
I am gentlemen,
Your obedient servant,
HENRY SMITH, Governor.
December 26th, 1835.
Mr. Linn presented the account of N. Roderigues, for taking care of
public horses. Twenty-five dollars were allowed, and the chairman of
the committee of finance authorized and directed to draw an order on the
Treasurer for the same.
Mr. Royall, from the committee on military affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the proposition of M. B. Lamar, of Columbus, Georgia, for raising
a company, offered the following:
Resolved, that his Excellency the Governor, be requested to address
Mr. Lamar on the subject, and enclose him a copy of the ordinance and
decree for raising an auxiliary volunteer corps; which was adopted.
Mr. Barrett, from the select committee of five, to whom was referred
the communications of General Mexia, and sundry other persons, made
a verbal report, asking to be discharged from the further consideration of
the subject; which report was accepted and the committee discharged.
Mr. Barrett, from the committee on state and judiciary, to whom was
referred the petition of certain persons in Austin and Harrisburg, re-
ported an ordinance and decree, creating the municipality of Eort Bend,
and organizing the same; which was read a first time and ordered to lie
on the table.
On motion, the House adjourned till nine o’clock to-morrow morning.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
December 27th, 1835.	5
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday’s proceedings being read,
Mr. Linn, from the committee on enrollments, reported enrolled,
“An ordinance and decree, creating the offices of Auditor and Comp-
troller of public accounts for Texas.”
“A resolution changing the name of the municipality and town of
Viesca, to Milam.”
“A resolution authorizing the commissioned officers of the regular
army to administer oaths to those who enlist.”
Mr. Hanks, from the committee on military affairs, reported “an ordi-
nance and decree prescribing the manner in which the volunteer army
shall present their claims;” which was read the first time and laid on the
table.
Mr. Barrett, from the committee on the state and judiciary, reported
“an ordinance and decree for perfecting titles to actual settlers;” which
was read the first time and laid on the table.
Mr. Linn, from the select committee, to whom was referred the ac-
counts of Captain Allen, made the following report, which was read and
adopted:
( 702)