156
Proceedings of the General Council.
propose an exchange of such of our citizens, passengers in the Hannah
Elizabeth, as may have fallen into his power, for an equal number be-
longing to the Schooner Bravo, now in our possession at Matagorda.
Mr. Parker, from the committee to whom the subject was referred,
made the following report, which was adopted and the committee dis-
charged:
Your committee of one, to whom was referred the subject matter of
disposing of two horses, belonging to the public, left at the house of Mr.
Perry, between this and Washington, respectfully reports, that he has
met no opportunity of disposing of said horses, and requests to be re-
lieved from anv further consideration on that subject.
D. PARKER.
Mr. Linn presented a resolution providing for the erection of a monu-
ment to the memory of Benjamin R. Milam, at San Antonio de Bexar,
which was adopted; and his Excellency, Henry Smith, James Cochran,
John B. Jones, Gail Borden and John H. Money, were appointed a cen-
tral committee to carry into effect the objects of the resolution.
The following accounts for services and losses, in the volunteer army
were presented and allowed, and the chairman of the committee of
finance directed to draw an order on the Treasurer for the same, in favor
of the respective individuals.
Thomas J. Golightly, eighty-five dollars.
John Dabney, forty-eight dollars.
Stephen Williams, eighty dollars.
Mr. Hanks presented the petition of John D. Nolan, for a mule lost
in the volunteer army, which was referred to the committee on public ac-
counts.
On motion, the House adjourned to three o’clock, p. m.
THREE O’CLOCK, P. M
The House met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Kerr moved that a committee of two be appointed to receive the
parol of the Mexican prisoners, which was agreed to, and Messrs. Kerr
and Linn were accordingly appointed.
On motion, it was resolved, that the chairman of the committee of
finance be permitted to draw orders in such sums as claimants may wish,
for claims allowed by the Council: Provided, the same shall not be less
than twenty-five dollars.
The following accounts were presented and allowed, and the chairman
of the committee of finance directed to draw orders upon the Treasurer
for the same, in favor of the respective individuals, viz:
William Dunlevy, ninety-eight dollars and thirty-three cents.
A. H. White, (an additional allowance,) ten dollars.
Daniel Bourne, thirty-nine dollars, thirty-three cents.
Andrew Lawson, fifty-four dollars.
T. G. Western, two hundred and fifty-seven dollars and forty cents.
D. Gallahar, fifty-three dollars and thirty-three cents.
Mr. Barrett, from the committee appointed to enroll and correct the
ordinance and decree establishing and imposing duties on imposts and
tonnage, and for other purposes, reported the same enrolled; which was
(704)