158.
Proceedings of the General Council.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, |
December 28th, 1835.
f
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday’s proceeding being read,
Mr. Hanks, from the committee on military affairs, made the follow-
ing report; which was read and adopted:
Your committee, to whom was referred Mr. Arnold’s account, beg leave
to report, that it has not the necessary proof or vouchers, accompanying
it, consequently your committee cannot act upon it, but ask permission
to return said account to the House for their action, and for your com-
mittee to be hence discharged.
The report being approved, the committee were accordingly discharged.
The committee, to whom was referred the letter of Thomas J. Rusk,
together with the instructions given by the General Council to Colonel
Rusk, to hurry out troops to Bexar, &c., have had the same under con-
sideration and beg leave to report, that the President of the General
Council be requested to notify Colonel Rusk to desist from enlisting
troops, only for the regular army and auxiliary corps, and to report the
same to the commander-in-chief of the army of Texas.
Your committee, to whom was referred the letter of William Bromly,
have had the same under consideration, and respectfully report, that Mr.
William Bromly's name be placed upon the list of applicants for a situa-
tion in the engineer department.
Your committee having examined the letter of recommendation of
Mr. Edward B. Wood, would respectfully recommend that his name be
placed upon the list of applicants for an office, suitable to his abilities
and qualifications, as soon as a vacancy takes place.
Your committee thinks it due to Mr. Wood, as he comes to our coun-
try highly recommended, believing it very important to encourage the
■emigration of young men of education and respectability to our country.
For upon such men will ere long devolve the task of legislation and all
the arduous duties of Government.
The same committee also reported that they had addressed a letter to
Mr. Bell, in pursuance of an order of the House.
Mr. Hanks from the same committee returned to the House a list of
the wounded at the storming of Bexar, which was ordered to be placed
on file.
The President submitted a letter from E. Hall, agent at New Orleans,
which was read and referred to the committee on the state and judiciary.
The President also submitted a communication from S. Rhodes Fisher,
respecting the schooner Hannah Elizabeth, which was read and referred
to a select committee, consisting of Messrs. Barrett, Royall and Kerr,
with power to send for persons and papers.
The following accounts were presented and allowed, and the chairman
of the committee of finance, directed to draw orders on the treasurer in
favor of the several individuals, for their respective amounts, viz.:
Mrs. M, B. Peyton, thirty-nine dollars.
Joseph Urban, thirty dollars.
Jones and Townsend, fourteen dollars.
Joshua Fletcher, fourteen dollars.
The ordinance and decree for perfecting titles to actual settlers, was
( 706)