160
Proceedings of the General Council.
men too well to be deceived by them; and while acting under the influ-
ence of principles hitherto governing the conduct of this body, feel that
the virtue and intelligence of a free people will sustain their acts. Con-
fiding in the certain effect of such motives as tending to the objects of
our existence, when strengthened with the unanimity and concert of
the co-ordinate branch of this Government, your committee would re-
spectfully call the attention of the Provisional Government to the follow-
ing views:
1st. To the situation of the commissioner, S. H. Everitt, Esq., who,
standing alone with a high sense of duty to his country, has subjected
himself to the malice of wicked men, whose ill-nature he contemns, and
whose threats he defies. But in this situation, although ably sustained by
many high minded patriots, he has been unable to accomplish the work
entrusted to him by the representatives of the people. Other causes
than resistance have prevented. The non-acceptance of the other com-
missioners appointed; the scruples of Judge Forbes (appointed by the
Council, to act in the place of Mr. Sigler) to accept the trust, as incon-,
sistent with his office of judge, and the great distance of this seat of dis-
content and disorganization from the head of the acting authorities of
of Texas; have all contributed to give impunity and success to the lead-
ers of the opposition to the country’s interests and safety. This turbu-
lent insubordination to all order and government, your committee hoped
to have seen subdued by means of a mild course, thus far pursued in all
our councils concerning the authors of such dangerous practices. Your
committee advise the appointment of G. W. Smith as a committee to act
with Dr. Everitt and Judge Forbes, in carrying into effect the fourteenth
section of the organic law; and advise that the provisions of the ordi-
nance and decree of this Government, referred to by Judge Forbes, as
inducing his unwillingness to act in the matter, does not contemplate
this case. The objects of that law are clearly confined to officers, and do
not extend to agencies, of which this is considered as one.
And the committee further advise, that the Governor be requested on
returning the commission to Judge Forbes, so to instruct him and re-
quest his acceptance of the trust, as for the good of his country. And
vour committee recommend that the Governor instruct the commission-
ers, that their duties are plainly comprehended in the language of the
fourteenth section of the said organic law; which is to take all papers,
archives, &c., from the several land offices, and deposite them in safe
places, &c. subject to the order of the Governor and Council; that their
duties extend equally to such archives of the political chiefs, alcaldes
and all other officers as are relating to lands, and to command all such
officers and all persons engaged in surveying and locating lands, to cease
their operations, until the future orders of this or a succeeding govern-
ment of Texas. All this the said commissioners are authorized and em-
powered to effect; but in case of resistance on the part of any one con-
templated in this act, no mode of power. or compulsion seems given to
the commissioners, consequently provision must be made by Government.
By the last section of the organic law, full and ample powers are
vested in the Governor and Council to carry into effect the said organic
law, and all the decrees and resolutions of the Convention. The Council
must determine the mode, the Governor see to the execution.
( 708)