Proceedings of the General Council.
163
TEREE o’clock, P. M.
The House met pursuant to adjournment.
The ordinance for perfecting titles to actual settlers was taken up.
Mr. Harris moved its indefinite postponement. The ayes and noes
being demanded, they were as follows, viz:
AYES—Messrs. Clements, Linn, Harris, Hanks, West, Royall, Powers,
and McMullen—8.
N AY S—Messrs. Menifee, Kerr, Barrett, Parker and Thompson—5.
So the ordinance was indefinitely postponed.
Mr. Royall had leave to withdraw his substitute.
On motion of Mr. Clements a committee of three was appointed to pre-
pare an address to the people on the subject of opening land offices, &c.
and Messrs. Clements, Barrett and Powers were appointed that com-
mittee.
The President submitted a letter from H. McHanks, declining the first
lieutenancy of the rangers, which resignation was accepted.
Also the non-acceptance of John V. Morton of the commission of cor-
net of cavalry, which was also accepted.
The President also submitted an official list of the killed and wounded
at the storming of Bexar, which was read and ordered to be placed on file.
The following accounts were presented and allowed, and the chairman
of the committee of finance directed to draw orders upon the treasurer
in favor of the respective individuals for their several amounts, viz.:
Samuel Stivers, two hundred and fifty-three dollars, thirty seven and
a half cents.
John M. White, forty-two dollars.
H; McHanks, sixty-one dollars, sixty-seven cents.
H. Walker, forty-six dollars, sixty seven cents.
Francis Johnson, forty-six dollars sixty-seven cents.
James S. Holman, one hundred and one dollars, eight cents.
John D. Nolen, eighty dollars.
The ordinance and decree for creating the municipality of Port Bend,
was taken up and amended, and afterwards read the third time, when the
question on the final passage was put and decided in the negative.
On motion, the House adjourned till seven o’clock, p. m.
SEVEN o’clock, p. m.
The House met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Barrett from the committee on state and judiciary, reported an
ordinance and decree, appointing collectors of public clues on lands,
which was read the first time, when the rule was suspended, and the ordi-
nance read a second and third time, when the question was taken on its
final passage and decided in the affirmative.
On motion the House proceeded to elect a cornet of cavalry in the
place of John V. Morton, resigned; and first lieutenant of rangers in the
place of H. McHanks, who declined that commission. When Robert
McKinney was duly elected cornet of cavalry, and Wade Horton, lieu-
tenant of rangers.
The President submitted a recommendation of Messrs. Johnson and
Walker for appointments in the navy. On motion, their names were or-
dered to be placed on the list of applicants.
(711)