Proceedings of the General Council.
165
Mr. Lamar of Georgia, will be complied with so soon as an opportunity
-offers.
I also send you the correspondence received from Bexar; it is however,
principally of an introductory character, speaking of men who are
deemed worthy to be considered in time of office making. Captain Cook
of the New Orleans Greys, is highly recommended by all, both for his
ability, and distinguished bravery as an officer, and if possible I would
like to extend him a commission. I also send you the-official report of
Doctor Pollard, as surgeon of the volunteer army.
The new revenue bill I have examined and signed, which is now under
transcript for some of the revenue officers.
I am gentlemen,
Your obedient servant,
HENRY SMITH, Governor.
December 27th, 1835.
Accompanying the above message, were several letters from P. W.
■Johnson, commandant at Bexar, which were referred to the committee
on military affairs; and also a list of killed and wounded at the storming
of Bexar; which list was ordered to be placed on file.
Also several resolutions approved by the Governor, together accom-
panying the message, also, was the “ordinance and decree creating the
■offices of auditor and comptroller of public accounts,” with objections.
The ordinance with the objections, having been read, the question was
taken, shall the ordinance now pass, the objections of the Governor to
the contrary notwithstanding; when there were in the affirmative,
Messrs. Menifee, Clements, Harris, Hanks, Kerr, West, Barrett, Royall,
Parker, Powers, McMullen, Coe, Thompson—13.
So the ordinance passed by a constitutional majority.
The committee on military affairs, to whom was referred the proposi-
tion of Col. James Bowie, reported progress, and begged leave to sit
.again, which was granted.
The account of John C. Morrison for a horse pressed in the service
was allowed; and the chairman of the committee of finance directed to
draw an order on the Treasurer for the same in favor of John C. Mor-
rison.
The certificate of impressment was ordered to be filed in the auditor’s
office, and charged in the account of Captain Chenoweth, to be accounted
for by him.
The President submitted a letter from John J. Linn, taking leave of
the House, which was read and ordered to be placed on file.
Mr. Powers submitted a letter addressed to the commissioners, ap-
pointed to treat with the Indians, respecting an exchange of lands, &c.,
which was approved, and a copy ordered to be furnished to the commis-
sioners.
On motion, the House adjourned till three o’clock, p. m.
THREE o’CLOCK, P. M.
The House met pursuant to adjournment. A quorum not being pres-
•ent, the House adjourned till seven o’clock, p. m.
(713)