166
Proceedings of the General Council.
SEVEN O’CLOCK, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Kerr, from the committee appointed for that purpose, made the
following report, which was read and adopted:
Your committee, appointed to call on the stamp officer of this place,
and receive from him all the stamp paper in his possession, begs leave to
report that he has discharged the duties assigned to said committee; that
he has received of said stamp officer, by the hands of Mr. Gail Borden,
junior, fifty-three sheets of Dore Reale's stamp paper, signed ‘Givens/
and one hundred and twenty-two sheets of like paper, not signed, for
which your committee has given the corresponding receipt; a copy of
which is herewith annexed.
Your committee beg leave to recommend the sale of a part of the said
paper to Mr. Steel, agreeably to his proposition which accompanies this
report, all of which is most respectfully submitted for the action of this
House.
(Copy.) received of C. C. Givens, by the hands of Gail Borden, junior,
fifty-three sheets “Dove Reale’s,” stamp-paper, signed “Given,” and one
hundred and twenty-two sheets of like paper, not signed
JAMES KERR.
San Felipe de Austin, December 29, 1835.
Fifty-three sheets already signed by the stamp officer, if the Gov-
ernment will guarantee the stamp of one hundred other sheets for 1834
and 1835. I will pay the money for the same, the paper to be signed by
the stamp officer.	W. H. STEEL.
The following accounts were presented and allowed, and the chairman
of the committee of finance directed to draw orders on the Treasury in
favor of the several persons named for their respective amounts, viz: P.
Kelly, thirty dollars, J. C. Morrison, forty-six dollars.
Jesse Burnham, eighty-three dollars, eighty-nine cents.
The President submitted a communication from C. B. Stewart, re-
specting his appointment as Secretary to the Executive, which was re-
ferred to the committee on state and judiciary.
Mr. Hanks, from the committee on military affairs, presented the fol-
lowing resolution, which was read and adopted:
We, the committee, to whom was referred the information, and sug-
gestions of Col. James Bowie, on last evening, respecting the condition
of our army; the exposed conditon of our country, and the necessity and
importance of actiye operations, have had the same under consideration,
and do most respectfully report to the honorable the General Council, the
following resolution for your consideration:
Eesolved, by the General Council of the Provisional Government of
Texas, that the Governor be requested to authorize Col. James Bowie, to
raise and rendezvous all the troops he possibly can, to be enrolled ac-
cording to the provisions of the ordinance and decree creating an auxil-
iary volunteer corps of Texas, and report himself at Goliad, at as early
a day as possible.
The President submitted a message from the Governor, respecting the
resolution passed by the Council on the 25th instant, which was read
and ordered to be placed on file, and not entered on the journals.
On motion, the House adjourned till nine o’clock to-morrow morning.
(714)