168
Proceedings of the General Council.
Messrs. Thompson and Coe were appointed to the committee of finance.
On motion, the Council adjourned till three o’clock, p. m.
THREE o’clock, P. m.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The following accounts were presented and allowed, and the chairman of
the committee of finance directed to draw orders upon the Treasurer in
favor of the respective individuals for their several amounts, viz:
J. W. Stoddard, forty dollars.
Daniel McKay, forty-five dollars thirty-three cents.
Mr. Harris presented to the House the receipts of E. Hall, our agent
at New Orleans, for eleven hundred dollars, received of William Brook-
field — money loaned for the use of Texas, to purchase arms, ammuni-
tions, &e.
On motion of Mr. Royall,
Resolved, that the thanks of the General Council be presented to Mr.
Brookfield for his generous and patriotic conduct in loaning eleven hun-
dred dollars to E. Hall, our agent at New Orleans, for the purpose of
procuring and forwarding arms, ammunitions, &c., and that the receipts
of Mr. Hall for the same be entered on the journals of the Council, the
original to remain on file among the papers of the Council, and a copy
to be given to Mr. Brookfield as evidence of his claim, to be adjusted at
some future period.
The following is a copy of the receipt:
Received, New Orleans, December 7th, 1835, from Mr. William Brook-
field, eleven hundred dollars as a loan for the service of Texas.
$1100.	EDWARD HALL,
Agent for the Government.
Approved by F. Thorn and A. C. Allen.
Mr. Barrett from the committee on state and judiciary, made the fol-
lowing report, which was reaid and adopted, and a copy' directed to be
forwarded to Mr. Fisher.
Your committee on state and judiciary, to whom was referred the
letter of S. Rhodes Fisher, and the copy of a letter from J. R. Lewis, beg
leave to report, that they have had the same under consideration.
The Judge Wilson alluded to, was made so by an election of this
Council, they having no better rule to judge of his qualifications than
his having received the suffrage of his municipality. The fault then is not
so much ours; should his habits of inebriety be to the extent spoken of, in
the communications before us, until charges and specifications are made
against him, in accordance with the eleventh section of the organic law,
we are of opinion that this Council cannot take consideration of the case,
and beg leave to be relieved from further cognizance of the matter.
D. C. BARRETT, Chairman.
Mr. Hanks, from the committee on military affairs, made the follow-
ing report, which was adopted:
Your committee would respectfully recommend that the name of Cap-
tain William G. Cooke of the Yew Orleans Greys, be placed upon the
list of applicants for an office in the regular army. His services and gal-
(716)