Proceedings of the General Council.
175
The Executive secretary presented the following message from the
Governor which was read.
Executive Department of Texas.
To the Honorable President, and members
of the General Council:
Gentlemen:
I herewith transmit to your body the report of John H. Money, former
treasurer of this municipality. You will see by the accompanying vouch-
ers, the disbursements made by him, some of them you may deem it neces-
sary to consider. Mr. Money is anxious to bring the matter to a close by
final settlement. I also send you a petition, signed by various persons,
which will show for itself. I further have to remark, that the reports
made by the commandant at Goliad, shows that he has on hand at that
station, public property to a considerable amount, consisting of various
goods; dues to the custom house, &c., all of which he is anxious should
be properly disposed of for the public benefit. You will therefore make
such orders on that subject as you may deem necessary, to promote the
public interest, and at the same time to release the commandant from the
further responsibility.
I am gentlemen, respectfully
Your obedient servant,
HENRY SMITH, Governor.
January 2d, 1836.
The message was accompanied by sundry documents. The report of
John H. Money, treasurer, was referred to the committee on finance.
The petition for a new municipality to be taken from the west side of
the municipality of Austin, which, also accompanied the message, was re-
ferred to the committee on state and judiciary.
The account of William McDermot, for services and losses in the vol-
unteer army, was presented and referred to a select committee of two,
consisting of Messrs Thompson and Kerr.
On motion, the Council adjourned till seven o’clock, p. m.
SEVEN O’CLOCK, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Barrett, from the committee on state and judiciary, made the fol-
lowing report, accompanied by resolutions; which being read the report
was adopted, and the resolutions passed unanimously.
To the Honorable, the General Council of the
Provisional Government of Texas:
Your committee on the state and judiciary, to whom was referred
several communications from the commissioners to the United States of
the north, and communications concerning the Creek Indians, respect-
fully report, that they cannot but express much surprise, that our public
agents have so long delayed to proceed to the fulfilment of the objects
of their appointment: that, however, he Government may feel inclined
to receive and respect the counsels of these gentlemen, and that of all
others interested in the fate of Texas, yet duties of a different character
(723)