178
Proceedings of the General Council.
state and judiciary, and to the finance committees. When Edward B.
Wood was duly elected.
On motion of Mr. Clements, the House proceeded to elect a clerk to
the committees on military, land, indian and naval affairs. When E. W.
Cullen was duly elected.
On motion, the House adjourned till nine o’clock to-morrow morning.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
January 3d, 1835.	)
nine o’clock, a. 11.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday’s proceedings being read,
Mr. Wood, elected to several committees of this House, as their clerk,
was sworn and entered upon his duties.
Mr. Barrett presented the petition of John Brock, which was read
and referred to the committee on military affairs.
Mr. Barrett presented a recommendation of M. D. Ayres, for the office
of comptroller, which was read and ordered to be placed on file.
Mr. Barrett, from the committee of the state and judiciary, made the
following report, which together with the annexed resolution was
adopted:
Eeport of the committee on the state and judiciary to whom was re-
ferred the communication of Matthew Caldwell.
Your committee to whom was referred the communication of Mat-
thew Caldwell, have had the same under consideration, and beg leave
to report that the outrage complained of in said letter, to wit: The as-
sault and injury committed on the person of the complainant is, in
their opinion, one of those lawless modes, assumed by wicked and ma-
licious individuals, of gratifying their vindictiveness, which it should
be the care of all civilized communities to suppress.
In a community governed by laws, the law of the land designs a rem-
edy for every right and prescribes a punishment for every offence. And
not until it shall appear clearly, that the law can not interpose, is an in-
dividual justified in resorting to physical force even to prevent injury
to his person or property. All acts of violence by individuals, then, to
the persons or property of others, are presumed to be contrary to law,
and detrimental to the peace and good order of society, unless it shall be
plainly shown, that the perpetrator acted from necessity.
Your committee, therefore believing, from the letter referred, that
Matthew Caldwell has been thus wickedly and unlawfully assaulted,
whereby his health has been greatly injured, and his life endangered,
and is yet in danger; woud respectfully recommend to the House the
adoption of the following resolution:
Eesolved by the General Council of the Provisional Government of
Texas, that the Governor be required to issue his proclamation, offering
one hundred and fifty dollars to any person who shall arrest and commit
to prison Joseph P. Laller, who on Saturday, the
day of
December, 1835, assaulted, beat and severely wounded Matthew Caldwell
of Gonzales, so that his life' was and is yet in great danger.
( 726)