Proceedings of the General Council.
179
Mr. Barrett, from the same committee, also made a verbal report,
upon the petition of certain individuals of the municipality of Austin,
for a new municipality to be called “Colorado,” which report was adopt-
ed, and the ordinance read the first time, and ordered to a second read-
ing to-morrow.
Mr. Cullen, elected clerk to the millitary and other committees of
this House, was sworn and entered upon his duties.
The President submitted a communication from P. W. Johnson for
himself and other volunteers, for authority to proceed to Matamoras,
which was read and referred to the committee on military affairs, with
instructions to report this afternoon at three o’clock.
The President submitted several communications from Thomas F.
McKinney, and McKinney and Williams, which were read and referred
to the committees on state and naval affairs.
Also a letter from B. F. Duval, respecting volunteers at- the mouth
of the Brasos, which was read and referred to the committee on military
affairs.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, Mr. Clements was authorized to procure
an express to forward dispatches to Gonzales, at the expense of the Gov-
ernment.
On motion, the House adjourned till three o’clock, p. m.
TEREE o’clock, P. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Royall submitted a report from Mr. Caldwell, sub-contractor at
Gonzales, which was referred to the committee on military affairs.
Mr. McMullen, from the committee of finance, made the following
report, which was read and adopted:
Your committee, to whom was referred the proposition of Colonel
Barrett, to furnish the Provisional Government with an useful library
of law books, civil and political history, political economy, &c., beg
leave to report to your honorable body, that we approve of the proposi-
tion in part, and do most earnestly recommend to the General Council
to accept of the proposition so far as to embrace the list of books or
works, affixed to this report, together with such works as the wisdom
of your honorable body, may add to said list; for it is impossible for us,
for the little time, which more pressing business has allowed us to be-
stow upon the subject, to recollect every book which may be important,
for you to examine and refer to, in the formation of so complicated a
system as that of Government. Yet to purchase the number of volumes,
which Colonel Barrett set forth in his proposition, would be, in our
humble opinion, in the present distracted and impoverished state of
the country, unwise, and give just cause of offence to a large majority
of our fellow-citizens; they would instantly say, you advance one thous-
and dollars for a library, containing two thousand volumes; when you
have not one cent to give to him who has suffered every privation, and
risked every danger in defence of his country.
It would not only displease the people, but it would be bad policy,
and would be an expenditure of money which is not absolutely required
at this time. If our finance were in a flourishing condition, and our
state at peace with the world, we would recommend you to purchase
double the number of volumes proposed, for a state library, though
( 727 )