- Proceedings of the General Council.
181
subject, together with my own solicitations, will, I confidentially hope,
have a tendency to correct their errors, and in some measure counteract
the consequent evils. Can a confidential courier be had to bear dis-
patches immediately? They will do no good until they hear from us
at New Orleans. I deem this vitally important.
Respectfully,
Your obedient servant,
HENRY SMITH, Governor.
January 3 cl, 1836.
The President also submitted a communication from P. Dimit, re-
specting expresses sent to the Rio Grande, “which was read and ordered
to be placed on file.
Mr. McMullen, from the committee of finance, made the following
report, which was read and adopted.
To the Honorable, the General Council
of the Provisional Government:
Your committee on finance, to whom was referred the report of J. H.
Money, Treasurer, having- carefully examined the same, beg leave to
report, that said report in an account of its disbursements, is fully sus-
tained by the vouchers accompanying the same, and that the amount
of the receipts into the Treasury, are in exact conformity, and comport
fully with the collectors report to which it refers, and in the opinion
of your committee is correct. Your committee would therefore recom-
mend to the House its adoption.
JOHN McMULLEN, Chairman.
On motion of Mr. Royall, the chairman of the committee of finance,
was directed to receive the balance due from Mr. Money, and deposite
the same in the Treasury.
Mr. Hanks, from the committee on military affairs, made the following
report, which was read and adopted:
The communication of General F. W. Johnson, which was referred
to your committee, respecting an expedition against Matamoras, has had
the same under consideration, and beg leave to report, to the honorable
the General Council, that it is an expedition of the utmost importance
at this time. It will give employment to the volunteers, until a regular
army, sufficient for the protection of our country, can be raised and
organized.
And your committee take great pleasure in recommending F. W.
Johnson to take the command of all the troops that he can raise for
that purpose. His gallant and chivalrous conduct at the seige and fall
of Bexar, entitles him to our confidence and support. Besides, delay
at this time on our part, would be dangerous. For if the volunteers
on their march for Matamoras were defeated, the consequence resulting
from it might prove fatal to Texas. But every one must foresee the
benefit that would result from occupying and keeping possession, of that
important and commercial depot. It would not only deprive our ene-
mies of the immense revenue at that place, but aid us greatly in support-
ing our army. It would also carry the war into the enemies country:
and with the vessels that will be floating upon the Gulf of Mexico in
(729)