184
Proceedings of the General Council.
ence which may be in your possession from our agents, in order that their
wild, chimerical and dictatorial notions be corrected, which if not done
soon, may result in serious injury to our cause. Any private correspond-
ence from any of them, which may be in possession of any of the mem-
bers of your body should not be misused, and should be immediately
returned. I feel much uneasiness and solicited in this matter, as every
thing depends upon their prompt and proper action.
I am respectfully, Gentlemen,
Your obedient servant,
January 4, 1836.
HENRY SMITH,
Governor.
The resignation of G. M. Collingsworth was accepted.
The communication from Charles Wilson of Matagorda, was referred
to the committee of the state and judiciary.
The communication from J. W. E. Wallace respecting his election as
captain of artillery, was referred to the committee on military affairs.
The letter from. General Austin, recommending S. D. Hurst of Phila-
delphia was read, and the name of Mr. Hurst was directed to be placed
on the list of appointments for the army.
The communication of Edward Hall of New Orleans, recommending
Captain John A. Delame for an appointment in the naval service was
read, and the name of Captain Delame directed to be placed on the list
of applicants.
Air. McMullen from the committee of finance, reported, that he had re-
ceived the balance due from Air. Money, and deposited it with the treas-
urer, and presented his receipt for the the same which was ordered to be
filed.
Air. Barrett from the committee on state and judiciary, to whom was
referred the subject relating to the transactions of the schooner Hannah
Elizabeth, reports:
Advising the appointment of two commissioners in the place of R. H.
Williams and J. Collinsworth, to aid the third commissioner, Thomas
Barnett, Esq., appointed to investigate the case of said schooner. The
report was read and ordered to lie upon the table.
. Mr. Barrett, from the same committee, also made the following report,
which was read and adopted:
To the Honorable the General Council of the Provisional Govern-
ment:
Your committee on state and judiciary to whom were referred certain
communications of Thomas F. McKinney, declining the appointment as
Commissary General, and in relation to General Alexia:
Respectfully report, that the interest and safety of the country mainly
depend upon the useful and active employment of troops engaged in her
defence, and that certain and efficient action cannot be expected, unless
the proper supplies of munitions of war and means of subsistence, be
promptly and plentifully supplied, at the different posts within the range
of their operations. And that such provision is necessarily entrusted to
a separate department, which should be unincumbered with other duties.
For this purpose, a commissary general, being a providing commissary
for the armies, is usual in all well regulated Governments especially in
( 732 )