186
Proceedings of the General Council.
Captain E. Hall,
Sir—Yours of the ninth ult. has been received and read in Council.
We rejoice that the proceedings of our Convention have been 'so well
received by the friends of Texas in N ew Orleans. We hope the doings of
the Council may prove equally satisfactory to those, whose good opinions
and confidence, it is our wish and interest to secure. If patriotism and
honest intentions can effect this object, we shall be gratified.
The fruits of our victory over the enemy and the capitulation of Bexar,
have given us possession of more than thirty pieces of artillery of various
calibre, and in a great measure superseded the necessity of the purchases
to have been made by you in behalf of this Government. But our work
is by no means finished. The enemy is endeavoring to concentrate and
bring upon us a large force which must be met and vanquished as soon
as possible after he takes the field: munitions of war and supplies of pro-
visions to be landed at or near the port of Copano as circumstances will
admit, is all important to our present and contemplated future opera- ■
tions. Whatever can be done by you, in this way, and sending volunteers
to the same destination, will aid your adopted country in the struggle for
freedom and constitutional rights. A cordon of posts are being estab-
lished from Bexar by Goliad to San Patricio on the Rio Nueces, and gov-
ernment agents will be stationed at each post to receive and provide for
volunteers, and take charge of all public stores. Indeed, we hope to ex-
tend the line to Matamoras at no very distant time.
The volunteers on board the Santiago have arrived, and will, we trust,
be'profitably and honorably employed in the glorious cause. The grati-
tude of the country, and we hope more substantial testimonies will be
secured to our brave and magnanimous brethren of the north. The
struggle once over, and peace restored to the fair lands of Texas; what
that the fondest wishes of the philanthropist could extend to man on
earth, may not be expected here? The rich reward of our labors and our
dangers is ever in view, and immediate possession but awaits the success-
ful termination of the present struggle.
We hope you have met the government commissioners ere this and that
success will attend all your efforts in favor of oppressed Texas. We shall
expect to hear from you as often as your convenience will permit, as
matters of interest to our cause shall transpire.
Very respectfully, yours,
D. C. BARRETT,
Chairman, of Committee of State and Judiciary.
Council Room,
San Felipe, January 3, 1836.
The same committee also made the following report, which was read
and adopted:
To the Honorable the General Council of the Provisional Govern-
ment of Texas:
Gentlemen:
Your committee on state and judiciary, to whom was referred the com-
munications of Thomas F. McKinney in their report, which is respect-
fully submitted, beg leave to say,
(734)