188
Proceedings of the General Council.
last declaration of the volunteers at Goliad, savors greatly of the latter-
character, but is believed to have been inconsiderately adopted, without
designing to produce the consequences to the country inevitable upon its
execution. Of this fact your committee have been advised by the agents,
through whom the documents was transmitted to this House, and who
had been appointed to superintend its publication in the newspapers of
Texas; and which agents, on being convinced of the evil tendency of
further troubling our citizens by exciting and distracting subjects have
prudently agreed to withhold all further publicity of which, they have
advised their constituents, and merely request that the copy of the pro-
ceedings be permitted to remain upon the files of the Secretary of this
House. This your committee advise may be properly done.
The proceedings of the meeting at Texana are without objections, be-
ing opinions offered to their fellow citizens, merely advising and for their
consideration. The question of a declaration of independence, is vastly
interesting and important in itself, and requires deep and long considera-
tion from the people themselves.
The causes and effects of such a measure should be freely discussed to
be well understood, and no action should be had upon a subject, so vital-
ly important to the present and future destinies of Texas, until the pub-
lic mind is. well informed and harmonized, to meet all consequences,
firmly, and secure from self reproach.
The members composing the Provisional Government under its exist-
ing organization, as such, have no choice in directing their words or ac-
tions. The line of conduct is plainly defined to them, and to be consist-
ent and just to themselves, their words must harmonize with their ac-
tions. All discussions in this Blouse upon subjects at variance with its
very existence, which we have severally sworn to support, must be re-
garded as forbidden to us here, whatever our private opinion, may bp as to
the future policy to be adopted by the people of Texas. Time only can
determine the correctness of any man’s view's, as regards the attitude to
be assumed by this country in her political relations to the world. Offi-
cially, we are commanded "to touch not, handle not the unclean thing.”
As we severally fulfil our solemn obligations to our country, so shall.we
be cheered with the blessings of an approving conscience, and the smiles.
of the omnipotent and just God.
D. C. BARRETT,
Chairman of Committee on State and Judiciary.
Council Room,	)
San Felipe, January 3, 1836. )
Mr. Royall presented the following resolution, which was read and
adopted:
Be it resolved by the General Council of Texas, that the chairman of
the committee of finance be. appointed, and is hereby required to perform
the duties of comptroller pro tem. of public accounts in case of that office-
being vacant, and that this resolution be in force from and after its pass-
age, any ordinance and decree or resolution to the contrary notwithstand-
ing.
Mr. Hanks from the committee on military affairs, reported resolutions
respecting an expedition to Matamoras, in accordance with the report of
(736)