Proceedings of the General Council.
191
Mr. Clements, from the select committee to wait on Messrs. Fannin
and Johnson, reported, that they had discharged that duty, and that the
gentlemen named fully concurred with the resolutions.
The resolutions respecting the expedition to Matamoras, were then
taken up and read.
' It having been suggested that there was not a quorum present, a call of
the House was made, when eleven members answered to their names.
The president submitted the question to the House, whether they were
competent to transact business with that number? which question was
decided in the negative.
The Secretary asked and obtained leave of absence for a few days.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the military committee, were requested to
wait on Mr. Burnham, and invite him to take a seat in the Council from
the municipality of Austin.
On motion, the House adjourned till nine o’clock to-morrow morning.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
January 6th, 1836. S
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday’s proceedings being read,
On motion of D. C. Barrett, E. B. Wood was appointed secretary pro
tern, of the Council, and as such took the oath of office.
Jesse Burnham appeared, and took the oath of office as a member of
this Council from the municipality of Austin.
Mr. Clements from the committee on military affairs,' presented the
following report, which was read and ordered to lie on the table:
Your committee to whom was referred the communications and reports
received from P. Dimit, commandant at Goliad, have had the same under
consideration, and we beg leave to report that it is important to afford,
as far as in our power such relief to Captain Dimit as he asks for. He
states officially, that he is in want of provisions, and that many troops
under his command have families, who are entirely dependent upon their
labor for subsistence, and that they have been in the service of Texas
from the commencement of the war..
Your committee would therefore recommend, that Captain Dimitt,
through his contractor or commissary, procure such supplies and provi-
sions for the troops under his command as are necessary for them, until
provisions and supplies can be sent to that post by an agent in New Or-
leans. And that further, he be authorized to appoint a suitable contractor
to obtain said provisions, in the place of the one already appointed by the
General Council.
Your committee would further recommend that Captain Dimit be
earnestly requested to remain commandant at Goliad, and to keep as
many of the troops at present under his command, as will remain at that
post.
Your committee further recommends that the commandant at Goliad,
be authorized and empowered to dispose of the public property under his
charge at Goliad, by public vendue, after giving ten days notice of said
sale, and for the money due by the Government to the troops at that fort
( 739)