194
Proceedings of the General Council.
public, that he shall not account for and return, by withholding from him
and retaining its value.
Mr. Tucker offered the following resolutions which were read and
adopted:
Be it resolved, By the General Council of the Provisional Government
of Texas, that the name of the Municipality of Tenehaw be and the same
is hereby altered "and changed to that of Shelby, and that all acts here-
after passed, and business done, shall be in the name of the Municipality
of Shelby.
Be it resolved, &c., That the town of Nashville, be, and the same is
hereby made the seat of Justice for said Municipality of Shelby.
Be it further resolved, &c., That there be an election precinct in the
eastern part of said Municipality, and that the election in said precinct
shall be holden at the residence of James B. Jackson; and that hereafter
for all elections for said Municipality, polls shall be opened at said place,
and correct returns of the votes given in by the persons superintending
said elections, made to the seat of Justice at Nashville.
The committee on the State and Judiciary, to whom was referred the
communication of the Auditor of public accounts, made the following
report, accompanied by sundry resolutions, all of which were read and
unanimously adopted.
To the Honorable the President and General Council of the Provisional
Government of Texas.
Your committee to whom was referred the communication of the Au-
ditor of public accounts, (J. W. Moody,) respectfully report—
That upon examination of the resolution of November 11th, 1836,
they find it vague and ambiguous. By a strict and literal construction of
the resolution, no volunteers who were at the time of its passage in the
service of Texas, are entitled to the benefit of its provisions,, and those
who were embraced within its provisions, are entitled to twenty dollars
per month from the time they left their homes, until they returned, with-
out stipulating any time or any number of miles per day, by which their
mileage or allowance for travelling may be computed. But your com-
mittee are of opinion that to give the resolution the meaning it prima
facie imports, would not be construing it according to the object designed
by the House in its passage. It surely was the intention of the House
that all volunteers who entered the service at any time before, and con-
tinued in service until the capitulation of Bexar, and were honorably dis-
charged, should be entitled to the benefits of the resolution; and that
some rates of mileage should be defined, and some time allowed and speci-
fied after leaving their homes, until they enter the service, and for them to
return to their homes. In remedy whereof your committee advise the
adoption of the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the resolution of the Convention passed on the 11th
November, 1835, allowing certain pay to volunteers who were then in
the service of Texas, and should continue therein until the reduction of
Bexar, be extended to embrace all volunteers who joined the service as
aforesaid, at any time before the taking of Bexar, and continued therein
until its reduction, and were or may have been honorably discharged,
and the rates of computing mileage under said resolution shall be twenty
(742)