196
Proceedings of the General Council.
assured that they would be saved the labour of making report, and use-
less expenditure of stationery (at this time in no great abundance here,)
upon them, and the House the fatigue of hearing these reports read.
On motion of Mr. Clements, the-report of the committee on military
affairs, and resolutions concerning the expedition to Matamoras, were
called up and read, and Mr. Hanks presented a letter from F. W. John-
son, declining any participation in the contemplated expedition to Mata-
moras, which was also read, and the House went into secret session, to
consider and act upon the same, whereupon the report and resolutions
together with the letter, aforesaid, were on motion of Mr. Royall, re-
committed to the committee on military affairs, and on motion of Mr.
Hanks, Mr. Barrett was added to the committee for this special case.
On motion of Mr. Royall, the secret session then. closed.
On motion of Mr. Royall the members of the Council were released
from any obligations of secrecy, in regard to the acts of the Council in
secret session, which appear upon the journal and record.
On motion the House adjourned till nine o’clock tomorrow morning.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
January 7th, 1836.	5
nine o’clock, a. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday’s proceedings being read,
On motion of Mr. Royall, the report of the committee on State and
Judiciary, to whom was referred the report of Thomas Barnett a commis-
sioner appointed to investigate the case of the Hannah Elizabeth, was
taken up, and on motion of Mr. Barnett, was re-committed to Mr. Royall,
who is appointed a special committee to revise and correct the same, and
report thereupon this evening.
Mr. Barrett, chairman of the committee on State and Judiciary, to
whom was referred the subject of instructions to T. F. McKinney, to
negotiate in behalf of the Government a loan, and the papers and docu-
ments concerning the same, presented a report and resolution, which on
motion of Mr. Hanks were unanimously adopted.
A letter from D. B. Friar, to the President and Council, was pre-
sented by the President, read and referred to the Committee on Indian
affairs.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the orders of the day were then taken up.
An Ordinance .and decree to amend “An Ordinance and decree for
augmenting the regular army of Texas, and for raising a Cavalry corps,'’
was taken and on motion of Mr. Clements, section the sixth was added,
and on motion of Mr. Hanks, was recommitted and made the special order
of to-morrow.
On motion of Mr. Kerr, the message received from the Governor on
yesterday, was referred to the committee on State and Judiciary.
An ordinance and decree prescribing the manner in which all claims
against the Government shall be presented, and such restrictions as to
prevent fraudulent imposition upon the Government, was taken up and
read a second time, and on motion of Mr. Clements its title was changed
to “An Ordinance and decree prescribing the manner and form of set-
( 744 )