Proceedings of the General Council.
197
tling the accounts of the volunteer army of Texas, and for other pur-
poses,” when the rule of the House was dispensed with, and the ordi-
nance read a third time, and the question taken on its final passage, which
was decided in the affirmative, and ordered that the said ordinance and
decree do pass, and the title thereof he as aforesaid.
Mr. Royall who was appointed a special committee to revise and cor-
rect the report of the committee on State and Judiciary, made the fol-
lowing report, which was read and adopted.
7o the Honorable, the General Council of the Provisional Govern-
ment:
Your committee to whom was recommitted the report of the commit-
tee on State and Judiciary, to'whom was referred the report of Thomas
Barnett, Esq., a commissioner appointed to investigate the affairs of the
schooner Hannah Elizabeth, &c.
Respectfully advise the appointment of one additional Commissioner,
to be commissioned and instructed by the Governor, agreeably to the or-
dinance already passed on that subject and be directed forthwith to pro-
ceed in conjunction with those already appointed to the prompt discharge
of the duties assigned them; and therefore recommend the adoption of
the following resolutions:
Resolved, That Isaac E. Robinson be, and he is hereby appointed a
commissioner to unite with Robert H. Williams, James Collinsworth and
Thomas Barnett or any one of them, and act in conjunction in the in-
vestigation of the case of the schooner Hannah Elizabeth, as provided by
an ordinance and decree passed the 17th December, 1835, and that the
Governor be required to issue a new writ and instructions to said com-
missioners, agreeably to the provisions of the ordinance and decree afore-
said.
Be it further resolved, That the Secretary cause to be furnished said
commissioners, a copy of all charges presented before this Council in
relation to the Hannah Elizabeth.
Be it also resolved, That any two of our said commissioners be au-
thorized to discharge the duties assigned them, and to employ counsel
if necessary.
Be it also resolved, That Thomas Barnett be allowed thirteen dollars
for his expenses, and three dollars per diem, for his past services. and
that the aforesaid commissioners shall all be allowed three dollars per
■diem, besides their reasonable expenses to be settled in the same manner
as other public accounts.
On motion of Mr. Royall, "An Ordinance and decree for the better ac-
commodation of claims against the treasury, were taken up, and on mo-
tion of Mr. Hanks, was recommitted to the special committee with whom
it originated.
The report and resolutions of the committee on military affairs, to
whom was referred the report of P. Dimitt, commander at Goliad, were
taken up, read and adopted.
On motion of Mr. West, a committee was authorized to be appointed;
and for that purpose, Mr. Royall nominated Mr. West, who was ap-
pointed that committee, to sell a horse belonging to the Government,
the same that was pledged by P. Dimitt’s express rider, and redeem eel
by the Council, and make report thereon, this evening.
( 745 )