198
Proceedings of the General Council.
Mr. Tucker presented an account of John Gilbert, which was referred
to the committee of finance; and on motion of Mr. McMullen, Mr. Bar-
rett was added to that committee for this special case.
Mr. Hanks from the committee on military affairs, to whom was re-
committed the report and resolutions in relation to an expedition to Mata-
moras, presented a report and resolutions which were read, an amend-
ment was offered by Mr. Clements and accepted, and the resolutions, as
amended, with the report, were unanimously adopted as follows, viz:
To the Honorable, the General Council of the Provisional Govern-
ment of Texas:
Your committee to whom was recommitted the report and resolutions
of the committee on military affairs, respecting an expedition against
Matamoras, contemplating the appointment of J. W. Fannin and F. W. .
Johnson, as agents, clothed with certain powers for collecting and con-
centrating volunteer troops for carrying into effect the intended plan of
operations in the descent upon Matamoras, as designed by the Provi-
sional Government of Texas.; in consequence of Mr. Johnson’s declining
to act as agent, for reasons submitted by himself, and entirely satisfac-
tory to this Council, your committee report for the consideration of this
House, the following resolutions:
1st. Be it resolved, By the General Council of the Provisional Govern-
ment of Texas, that J. W. Fannin be, and is hereby appointed and em-
powered, as an agent for and in behalf of the Provisional Government of
Texas, to raise, collect and concentrate at, or as near the post of Copano,
as convenience and safety will admit, all volunteer troops willing to enter
into an expedition against Matamoras, wherever they may be found, at
the mouth of the Brazos, city of Bexar, or elsewhere, whether in Texas,
or arriving in Texas, and when thus collected and concentrated, to re-
port, either to the Commanding General, or to the Governor or Council,
as he may prefer, agreeably to the seventh section of an ordinance and
decree passed on the fifth day of December, 1835, for raising an auxiliary
corps to the regular army, and continue to report from time to time, as
the expedition may progress.
Sec. 2d. Be it further resolved, &c., That the said agent J. W. Fannin
be, and is hereby authorized and empowered to call upon Thomas F.
McKinney the general agent of the Commissary Department, or any
other public agent, store-keeper or supplying officer of the Government,
for the proper and necessary munitions of war, the usual supply of pro-
visions apportioned to number and rank, and the means of transporta-
tion thereof, and of the troops, aforesaid, by land or by water, which
call and orders of said agent, shall be respected by all public agents or
officers aforesaid, and said agent’s receipt shall be respected by the gov-
ernment.
Sec. 3d. Be it further resolved, &c., That the said agent J. W. Fannin
be and is hereby authorized and empowered to negotiate a loan of three
thousand dollars, at not more than ten per cent, interest, to be paid out
of the first monies not otherwise especially appropriated, at this date,
or the first money which shall come into the treasury of Texas.
Sec. 4th. Be it further resolved, &c., that on the concentration of the
volunteer troops as aforesaid, that an election for a commander and other
(746)