200
Proceedings of the General Council.
was decided in the affirmative, and ordered that said ordinance and decree
do pass, and the title thereof, he as aforesaid.
On motion of Mr. Royall, an allowance of one hundred dollars is made
to E. P. Pulliam, who was wounded at Bexar, in addition to forty-five
dollars, which is also allowed him, on his discharge for his monthly pay.
Mr. Thompson presented the report of D. B. Friar; which was re-
ferred to the committee on military affairs.
Mr. Royall, from the special committee, to whom was re-committed,
"an ordinance and decree for the better accommodation of claims against
the Treasury,” reported the same; and on motion of Mr. Barrett, the
same was ordered to be read by sections.
Whereupon, Mr. Barrett offered an amendment, by which “all persons
having claims against the Treasury, should be obliged or bound to take
Treasury notes;” on which the question be taken, the House was di-
vided, and the President voting in the negative, the amendment was lost.
The rule of the House being dispensed with, the said ordinance and
decree was read the third time. The question
was then taken on its
final passage, upon which question the ayes and noes
were as follows, viz:
were called for, and
AYES—Messrs. Burnham, Hanks, West, Royall, Malone, McMullen,
Thompson, and Collard.—8.
NOES.—Messrs. Clements, Kerr, Barrett and Tucker.—4.
A majority appearing in favor of said ordinance and decree, it is or-
dered that the said ordinance and decree pass, and the title thereof be
as aforesaid.
M. Hanks, chairman of the committee on military affairs, presented
the following report, which was read and adopted:
The committee on military affairs, to whom was referred the communi-
cation from B. E. Duval, have had the same under consideration, and
would advise the House to instruct B. F. Duval, if he does not wish to
join the volunteers in their expenition as contemplated, against Matamo-
ras, to report a muster roll of his company, or the troops under his com-
mand, to the Governor and Council, accompanied with the desire of him-
self and troops, as to what portion of the army they wish to be attached;
whether to the regiment infantry or artillery in the regular army, or to
the auxiliary corps or legion of cavalry to the regular army; and if he
should wish to join either of them, for what length of time?
Your committee would further recommend the adoption of the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved by the General Council of the Provisional Government of
Texas, that his Excellency, the Governor be, and he is hereby required
to communicate to B. F. Duval, upon the subject of the foregoing report;
and also to forward a copy of this report and resolution to the said B. F.
Duval.
WYATT HANKS, Chairman.
The Executive Secretary presented the following message from the
Governor:
(748)