Proceedings of the General Council.
201
Executive DEPARTMENT oe Texas.
To the Honorable, the President, and members of the Cotmcil:
Gentlemen—
The preamble of the committee originating an ordinance and decree,,
authorising the purchase of certain armed vessels therein named, of
Messrs. McKinney and Williams, and for other purposes, &c. I have
considered the same, with that attention which I considered the subject
merited, and have enclosed it back, with the following exceptions:
In the first place, our agents advise us, that they had purchased the
William Bobbins, and now have her in possession, and have changed
her name to that of Liberty, and that they have pledged the faith of
the country for payment, &c.
They were certainly authorized to do so. It must be presumed that
their judgment was exercised in the purchase, and whether it be good
or bad, I consider your body has no right to interpose and counteract by
legislation, what they have done in conformity with their vested author-
ity. And as it respects the purchase of the other armed vessel, called
the Invincible, the ordinance, as it now stands, leaves the matter entirely
open and dependent on contingent circumstances.—The holders might
not agree to take the price reported by our commissioners, for I consider
the matter left entirely open. If the commissioners report that the ves-
sel, &c., will answer as one of our naval vessels, in conformity with the
law creating the navy for Texas, and the holders are willing to take cost
and charges, let the contract be positive and binding on both parties:
Provided, the vessel be found to answer by our commissioners, and not
leave the matter open for bargain and sale after’the report is made. If
the commissioners report her as coming within the provisions of the:
law creating a navy for Texas, the contract should stand as closed: Pro-
vided, the commissioners report her as coming within the purview of the
law. Otherwise, we have no authority to make the purchase. It cannot
be forgotten that our agents are specially instructed on that subject, and
if not immediately advised, will on their arrival in the United States,
employ agents to make the purchase. I consider the Council should not
breed confusion by infringing on the authority which they had already
vested in their agents.
I would suggest to your body, that from the activity and patriotism
of the holders, Messrs. McKinney and Williams, and their zeal, as has in
many cases been evinced, to serve the public, that I would be disposed to
take the report of Mr. McKinney, as soon as any other agent, which you
have or could appoint. And if from his report, you should find the ves-
sel to come within the purview of the law, let the bargain be closed at
once, and our agents forthwith informed.—William P. Harris, collector
of the port of Galveston, could be immediately notified to receive her in
the name of the Government.
I therefore confidently hope that your honorable body will reconsider
the ordinance, and so alter and amend it, as to prevent conflict and in-
jury. I am respectfully
HENRY SMITH, Governor.
(749)