202
Proceedings of the General Council.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, leave was granted Mr. Kerr to return home,
with a request, however, that he will remain until the transaction of some
important business in the morning.
The Council adjourned till nine o’clock to-morrow morning.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
January 8th, 1836.	[
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday’s proceedings being read, .
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the orders of the day were taken up,
An ordinance and decree creating a new municipality to be called
“Colorado,” was taken up and read a second time, and on motion of Mr.
Burnham, the first section was stricken out, and an amendment offered
by himself: adopted. The rule of the House was then suspended, and
the ordinance and decree read the third time; when the question was
taken on its final passage, and was decided in the affirmative:—Where-
upon, it was ordered that the said ordinance and decree do pass, and the
title thereof be as aforesaid:
Mr. McMullen, chairman of the committee of finance, to whom was
referred the claim of John Gilbert, offered a report; which, on motion
of Mr. Hanks, was laid on the table, until this evening.
The Executive Secretary’ presented, a letter from Mr. Randall Jones,
directed to the Governor, resigning his seat as a member of this Coun-
cil, from the municipality of Austin; which was read and ordered to lie
on the table.
The objections of the Governor, contained in his message delivered
and read, yesterday, returning “an ordinance and decree authorizing the
purchase of certain armed vessels of McKinney and Williams, and regu-
lating the naval service,” was taken into consideration, and the vote of
the House was taken on the passage of said ordinance and decree, the
objections of the Governor to the contrary notwithstanding; which was
carried by the following constitutional majority.
AYES—Messrs. Burnham, Flanks, Kerr, West, Barrett, Royall, Ma-
lone, McMullen, Tucker, Thompson, and Colard.—11.
Noes.—Mr. Clements.
Whereupon, it was ordered that the ordinance and decree, do again
pass, and the title thereof be as aforesaid.
Randall Jones appeared and took the oath of office as a member of
the Council, from the municipality of Austin.
Mr. McMullen, chairman of the committee of finance, presented the
following report and resolutions; which were adopted:
To the Honorable, the President, and members of the Council:
Your committee, to whom was referred the petition of Hendrick Ar-
nold, in behalf of his father-in-law’s family, Erastus Smith, report, that
the most essential and dangerous services have been rendered by Erastus
Smith, before and in his attack upon Bexar, proving his devoted patri-
otism and heroic daring in every engagement with the enemy, in con-
(750)