206
Proceedings of the General Council.
The President submitted sundry letters and documents, brought by
express, and the House went into secret session to consider and act upon
the same.
The secret session closed, and on motion, the House adjourned until
to-morrow morning, at nine o’clock.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin,
January 8th, 1836.
Special call of the Council.
EIGHT o’clock, P. M.
The Council met.
Mr. Barrett offered the following resolutions:
Whereas, the Mexican sloop of war, Montezuma, is now reported to be
in the bay of Galveston, and Texas is not in full possession of any vessel of
sufficient force to meet her in action, and whereas the schooner Invinci-
ble is offered to the Government of Texas, by Messrs. McKinney and
Williams, upon terms which Government accepts, therefore,
Be it resolved, that a register of said schooner Invincible, be made as
the property of the Government, under the directions of the Governor,
who is hereby authorized to execute the same, and give a duplicate thereof
into the hands of Thomas F. McKinney, as evidence of the ownership of
said vessel, and to retain the other on the files of the executive office.
Be it further resolved, that the Governor is advised and authorized to
issue to Thomas F. McKinney, a letter of appointment as commander of
the schooner Invincible, a's a national vessel of war, removable at the
pleasure of the Governor and Council, and instruct said McKinney to
take command of said vessel of war, and man and provide her for a cruize
against the enemy, within the Gulf of Mexico or any of its waters, until
further ordered, and that he report of his proceedings and acts to the
■Governor and Council, under the proper instructions to be given by the
Governor, with the letter of appointment aforesaid; which resolutions
. were read and unanimously adopted, and a special committee, consisting
of Messrs. Royall and McMullen, appointed to wait on the Governor im-
mediately, to carry into effect the object of the resolutions.
A letter from Edward Hall, presented by the President, was read and
referred to the committee on military affairs.
On motion, a respite for half an hour, was given for the committee to
retire to effect the objects of Mr. Barrett’s resolutions.
The House was again called to order after the half hour had expired.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, it was ordered that a copy of the resolutions
adopted to-night, be immediately forwarded to our public agents in the
United States of the North, through T. F. McKinney.
On motion, the House adjourned till nine o’clock to-morrow morning.
(754)