Proceedings of the General Council.
209
James B. Jamieson’s letter of recommendation for the office of En-
gineer for the army of Texas was taken up, and at the suggestion of the
President, ordered to be filed.
The resolutions requiring Colonel Travis, under the order of the com-
mandant to proceed to Matamoras, were taken up, and leave given Mr.
Royall to withdraw them.
Resolutions suspending land offices, were taken up and ordered to be
filed.
Randall Jones’ letter of resignation was taken up, and at the sugges-
tion of the President, ordered to be filed.
A report from the auditor of public accounts, was presented by the
President, and referred to the committee of finance.
Mr. Royall introduced the following resolution; which was read, and
on motion of Mr. Hanks, was laid on the table:
Be it resolved by the General Council of Texas, that in addition to the
evidence already required by law, that before the auditor shall receive
and admit any claim for horses or other property lost in the army, he
shall require a certificate of a proper officer or express rider, setting forth
that the property in question was lost or killed in battle, pressed into
service, or an actual purchase made for the use of the public.
R. R. ROYALL.
January 9th, 1836.
A communication from Mr. Jack, agent for Empresarios Austin and
Williams, on the subject of opening the Land Offices, was presented by
Mr. Barrett and read, and on motion of Mr. Hanks, referred to the com-
mittee on state and judiciary.
An ordinance and decree in relation to the disposition of lands in Tex-
as, was on motion of Mr. Barrett, taken up, and on motion of Mr. Clem-
ents, ordered to lie on the table for one day.
The resolutions of Mr. Tucker, in relation to the waggon, team and
harness, pressed by Dr. Grant, and taken from John Gilbert, were taken
up, and on motion of Mr. Hanks, ordered to lie on the table until Mon-
day.
The Council then went into secret session for transacting business.
The secret session closed, and on motion of Mr. Clements, the seals of
secrecy were removed from the acts of the House in the secret session
aforesaid: Whereupon the following was disclosed:
The House went into an election of judges for the municipality of
Colorado; when the following ballots were counted, viz:.
For first judge, William Menifee, twelve votes.
For second judge, William D. Lacy, twelve votes.
Whereupon the said William Menifee was declared duly elected, and
appointed first judge, and the said William D. Lacy second judge of the
municipality of Colorado.
The House then proceeded to the election of a Comptroller of the
Treasury, and Sutler to the army, and the ballots were as follows:
For Sutler, Wyatt Hanks, eleven votes.
Comptroller, David Ayers, two; H. C. Hudson, eight.
Whereupon Wyatt Hanks was declared duly elected Sutler to the
army, and H. C. Hudson, Comptroller of the Treasury.
( 757 )