210
Proceedings of the General Council.
On motion of Mr. Royall, the House then went into the election’ of a
collector of public dues in the department of Bexar; when James Kerr
was duly elected to that office.
The secret session closed.
Mr. Clements introduced the following resolution: which was read
and adopted.
Resolved, that his Excellency, the Governor be, and he is hereby re-
quested to lay before this Council, a copy of all orders that he may have
issued to the commander-in-chief of the army, or any other officer of
the army, in accordance with the fourth article of the organic law, under
the head of "military," and that he be furnished with a copy of this reso-
lution immediately.
Mr. Clements presented the resignation of H. C. Hudson, as second
judge of the municipality of Austin; which was accepted.
On motion of Mr. Clements, the House adjourned till Monday morn-
ing, nine o’clock.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin,
January 10th, 1836.
Special call of the House.
The Council met, and the President read the following communica-
tion from the Governor to himself.
Sunday, January 10th, 1836.
To His Excellency, J. W. Robinson, President of the Council.
Dear Sir—
I have recently received by express dispatches from Bexar, and other
places, containing information of a character which should be immedi-
ately laid before the Council.
And being informed that you do not meet today, I must beg the favor
of you to call a secret session of your body. I wish all the members of
your body to be present, as immediate action will be necessary. You
will please inform my Secretary at what hour you will meet, and I will
send him with the dispatches. I will also make a communication to the
House. You will please have read, the express correspondence first. You
may perhaps consider my communication severe. I wish you however
to permit it to be read; I assure you it is necessary. I wish you to dis-
tinctly understand that I well know your situation, and that nothing
therein contained is aimed at, or intended for you. I hope you will
favor me by a compliance, as I deem it all important.
I am respectfully,
Your obedient servant,
HENRY SMITH, Governor.
On motion of Mr. Hanks, a committee was appointed, composed of
Messrs. Clements and Royall, to wait upon the Governor, and apprize
him that the House will be ready at three o’clock this afternoon to re-
ceive his communication, &c.
On motion of Mr. Hanies, the House then adjourned until three o’clock
P. M.
( 758 )