212
Proceedings of the General Council.
urge me by resolutions to make appointments, fit out vessels, as govern-
ment vessels, registering them as such, appointing landsmen to command
a naval expedition by making representations urgent in their nature, and
for what? I see no reason but to carry into effect by the hurried and im-
provident acts of my department, the views of your favorite object by
getting my sanction to an act discouraging in its nature, and ruinous in
its effects. Instead of acting as becomes the counsellors and guardians
of a free people; you resolve yourselves into low, intriguing, caucussing
parties, pass resolutions without a quorum, predicated on false premises,
and endeavor to ruin the country, by countenancing, aiding and abetting
marauding parties, and if you could only deceive me enough, you would
join with it a piratical co-operation. You have acted in bad faith, and
seem determined by your acts to destroy the very institutions which you
are pledged and sworn to support. I have been placed on the political
watch tower, I feel the weight of responsibility devolving upon me, and
■confidently hope I will be able to prove a faithful sentinel. You have
also been posted as sentinels, but you have permitted the enemy to pass
your lines, and Mexican like, you are ready to sacrifice your country at
the shrine of plunder. Mr. President, I speak collectively as you all
form one whole, though at the same time I do not mean all. I know you
have honest men there, and of sterling worth and integrity; but you hav e
Judas in the camp—corruption, base corruption has crept into your
councils, men, who if possible would deceive their God.
Notwithstanding their deep laid plans and intrigues, I have not been
asleep; they have long been anticipated, forestalled and counteracted.
They will find themselves circumvented on every tack. I am now tired
of watching scoundrels abroad and scoundrels at home, and as such I
.am now prepared to drop the curtain. The appointment and instruc-
tions founded on the resolutions predicated on false premises, shall now
be tested. I will immediately countermand the order made out in such
haste, and as you say, and as her register says, the armed vessel Invinci-
ble is a Government vessel, I will immediately order a suitable officer of
the Government to go and take charge of her in the name of the Gov-
ernment, and hold her subject to my order. And if that be refused, I
will immediately recall her register by proclamation to the world. I
would further suggest to you that our 'foreign agents have been com-
missioned and specially instructed to fill out our navy, and procure the
proper officers and crews; and unless they can be certainly informed of
the absolute purchase in time, to prevent their purchase of a similar one,
the purchase, so made by you, shall never be ratified or become binding
on this government; because you would do the Government serious in-
jury by meddling with matters which you have put out of your power
by special appointment. You shall not be permitted by collusion or man-
agement, to act in bad faith to the injury of the Government. If the ap-
pointment of general agents, with latitudinarian powers, with the power
of substitution, and many other things equally inconsistent, and ridicu-
lous; which have been engendered in, and emanated from your caucus-
sing, intriguing body, recently, does not show, a want of respect to my
department, and a total neglect of the sacred oaths and pledges solemnly
made by you, I must admit I am no judge. I wish you distinctly to un-
derstand, that the ground on which you stand is holy. and shall be
guarded and protected with every assiduity on my part. Permit me
( 760 )