Proceedings of the General Council.
213
again to repeat it, Mr. President, that it is not intended to touch either
yourself or the honest and well intending part of your Council.
Look around upon your flock, your discernment will easily detect the
scoundrels. The complaint; contraction of the eyes; the gape of the
mouth; the vacant stare; the hung head; the restless fidgety disposition;
the sneaking sycophantic look; a natural meanness of countenance; an
unguarded shrug of the shoulders; a sympathetic tickling and contrac-
tion of the muscles of the neck anticipating the rope; a restless uneasi-
ness to adjourn, dreading to face the storm themselves have raised.
Let the honest and indignant part of your Council drive the wolves
out of the fold; for by low intrigue and management they have been im-
posed upon, and duped into gross error and palpable absurdities. Some
of them have been thrown out of folds equally sacred, and should be
denied the society of civilized man.
They are paricides piercing their. devoted country, already bleeding
at every pore. But thanks be to my God, there is balm in Texas and a
physician near. Our agents have gone abroad; our army has been or-
ganized. Our general is in the field. A convention has been called
which will afford a sovereign remedy to the vile machinations of a cau-
cussing, intriguing and-corrupt Council. I now tell you that the course
here pointed out, shall be rigidly and strictly pursued, and that unless
your body will make the necessary acknowledgment to the world, of your
error, and forthwith proceed, and with the same facility and publicity,
(by issuing a circular,) and furnishing expresses to give circulation and
publicity, in a manner calculated to counteract its baleful effects, that
after twelve o’clock to-morrow all communications between the two de-
partments shall cease; and your body will stand adjourned until the first
of March next, unless from the emergencies of the country you should
be convened by proclamation at an earlier period.
I consider as the devisers of ways and means, you have done all con-
templated by the organic law. That your services are now no longer
needed, until the convention meets; I will continue to discharge my
duties as Commander-in-Chief of the army and navy, and see that the
laws are executed.
The foregoing you will receive as a notice from my department, which
will be rigidly carried into effect. You are further notified that audi-
ence will not be given to any member or special committee other than
in writing. I will immediately proceed to publish all the correspondence
had between the two departments by proclamation to the world, and
assign the reasons why I have pursued this course, and the causes which
have impelled me to do it.
I am gentlemen vour ob’t servant,
HENRY SMITH, Governor.
January 9, 1836.
On motion of Mr. Thompson, Messrs. Royall, McMullen, Clements,
Thompson and West, were appointed a committee to examine and con-
sider the late message of the Governor, and the papers accompanying the
same, and report thereupon to-morrow. •
And on motion of Mr. Barrett, the President is requested to wait upon
the Governor this evening and confer with him upon the subject of the
massage and papers just received, and endeavor to avert from the coun-
( 761 )