Proceedings of the General Council.
215
4th. Resolved, That the Secretary to the Executive be forthwith noti-
fied of these resolutions, and that he be held responsible to the General
Council of the Provisional Government of Texas, for every and all rec-
ords, documents and archives of his office.
5th. Resolved, That the Treasurer, Commanding-General, foreign
agents, and all other officers of this Government be notified of the sus-
pension of Henry Smith, of the powers and functions of Governor, by
the Representatives of the people of Texas, in General Council assembled;
and that they and every of them hold themselves respectively, subject to
the orders and directions of the Lieutenant Governor, acting as Gover-
nor, and General Council aforesaid.
6 th. Resolved, That a committee be appointed to draft an address to
the people of Texas, setting forth the circumstances and reasons which
compel their representatives in General Council to adopt these measures.
On motion of Mr. Hanks, Messrs. Jones and Tucker were appointed
a committee to return to the Governor his message of yesterday, together
with the report and resolutions thereon.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the secret session closed, and the committee
aforesaid proceeded to execute the objects of their appointment.
The House again went into secret session.
Mr. Tucker reported that the committee had returned the message
and accompanying report and resolutions to the Governor, and leave was
given them to retire and report in writing.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, ordered that a copy of the report and reso-
lutions be forthwith published together with the message.
The committee to whom leave was given to retire and report in writing
presented the following report which was read and adopted; and the
secret session closed.
Your committee who was this day appointed by the General Council
of the Provisional Government of Texas, to present to Henry Smith,
Governor of said Government, a report and resolutions upon his message
of the ninth instant; report as follows:
That the Governor, Henry Smith, stated, after reading said report and
resolutions; “Well, you have adopted your course and I will pursue
'mine!” after which your committee left.
JAMES B TUCKER,
R. JONES.
San Felipe, January 11 1836.
On motion, the House adjourned till three o’clock, p. m.
TEREE o’clock, p. m.
The House met pursuant to adjournment.
The message of the Governor received yesterday, and the report of
the committee and resolutions thereupon were publicly read.
On motion of Mr. Collard, the rule of the House was suspended, and
they proceeded to elect a President pro tem. of the Council, with open
doors, the chair being vacant in consequence of the Lieutenant Gover-
nor being required to act
nated Mr. McMullen, who
of the Council, and
as Governor. Whereupon Mr. Royall nomi-
was unanimously elected President pro tem.
as such was sworn and took the chair.
(708)