218
Proceedings of the General Council.
He charges the Council with joining with the expedition against Mata-
moras, a piratical co-operation. By this he means the purchase of the
schooner Invincible, by the appointing of Thomas F. McKinney, (whose
patriotism he highly commends in his message to the Council,) to the •
command, for the purpose of attacking and taking, if practicable, the
Montezuma, a Mexican vessel, now in Galveston, which has been cruising
about our coasts, to annoy and capture vessels coming into our ports, and
intercept the importation into Texas of men, munitions of war, and sup-
plies for our armies. It was for the purpose of capturing if possible,
this vessel, and for the further purpose of protecting our commerce and
. obstructing that of the enemy, that the Council authorized the purchase
and equipment for service, of the schooner Invincible; a measure recom-
mended by Governor Smith, in his communications to the Council.
All these acts of stubbornness and perverseness, were not sufficient to
gratify his thirst for the sole dominion and arbitrary sway of the land.
His dignity was insulted at the idea of the existence of the co-ordinate
branch of the Government, to curb his acts and check his usurpation.
He became more and more restless, until enraged at the presumption of
the Council, in the exercise of a constitutional right, and in conformity
with the true interests of the country, to pass an ordinance and decree
by a constitutional majority, after it had been vetoed by “his Excel-
lency/’ he ignites; his fury in a blaze, consumes his prudence, (what he
had) he orders the Council to disperse, shuts'the doors of communica-
tion between the two departments, and proclaims himself the Govern-
ment !
Such is the purport of his last message, dated the ninth of January
instant, accompanied with documents received by express from Bexar,
containing an account of the deplorable situation in which the troops of
that garrison were left by Dr. Grant, who headed an expedition from
that place to Matamoras. The message he would make it appear, was in-
duced by the arrival of these dispatches, as he directed them to be read
first as an induction to his message, in which he falsely charges the
Council with having connived at, and sanctions the expedition under Dr.
Grant, which he alleges, is the cause of the distressed situation of the
troops at Bexar. This Council repels the charges, as false and un-
founded, and denies having ever recognized in Dr. Grant any authority
whatever, as an officer of the Government or army at the time. The only
authority Dr. Grant ever had in the army was derived from Governor
Smith. By the bye, this gives us occasion to mention another of the
Governor’s acts of usurpation.
On or about the ninth day of December, 1835, he appoints and com-
missions, without the advice or consent of the Council, Edward Burleson,
Commander-in-Chief of the volunteer army at Bexar. General Burleson
appoints Dr. Grant, his aid-de camp, who was thereby entitled to rank
as Colonel, and thus is derived his authority to act as he has done.
In this letter of the Governor to General Burleson, dated December
9th, 1835, full of invectives against Colonel Gonzales, and his men, and
the Council for furnishing him an outfit to assist in the reduction of that
place, (for all of which we only call his attention to his solemn declara-
tion to the world, and appeal to Almighty God, made in the Conven-
tion,) he shows the principles which controlled his conduct, and the
effect of his elevation to the high office he now occupies, has produced
( 766 )