220
Proceedings of the General Council.
were abandoned. But the time had arrived when all communication was
to cease between the departments, unless they would surrender to him
the entire government, perjure themselves, and publish their perjury to
the world, and swear that they had betrayed the interests of their coun-
trymen, in not yielding implicit obedience to the will of Governor Smith.
What could the Council do? He had shut the door of his office; it was, in
effect, vacant: Ele had denied the authority that created it; and as the
guardians of the people’s interests, they were compelled to proceed with
the transaction of business, recognizing, according to law, the Lieutenant-
Governor, as the acting Governor; elected a President of their body pro
tem.; and as in duty bound, they have preferred charges of impeachment
against Governor Smith, for the manifest injuries and difficulties he has
endeavored to bring upon his country; that country which raised him to
the high and responsible station of her Governor. Yes, the Council met
the occasion firmly.
Base perjury would have stamped her seal upon their acts, if they had
flinched. And while the armies are abroad in the defence of our be-
loved land, from the invasion of a foreign foe, they will ever guard and
protect her from the insidious machinations of her internal foes, and will
deserve the just condemnation and lasting reproach of their countrymen,
if ever in danger, they desert their post.
J. D. CLEMENTS,
E. JONES.
CLAIBORNE WEST,
E. E. EOYALL,
D. C. BAEEETT,
JOHN McMULLEN, President,
pro tem. of the General Council.
WYATT HANKS,
ALEXANDEE THOMPSON.
E. COLLARD,
JESSE BUENHAM,
JOHN MALONE.
Council Hall, San Eelipe de Austin, Jan. 11, 1836.
To Henry Smith, Esq., Governor of the Provisional Government of
Texas:
Sir—The following are the charge and specifications preferred against
you in substance and form as contemplated by the fourth section of the
organic law of the Provisional Government of Texas: The General
Council advises you that you are at liberty to answer the following
charges and specifications, before that body, or before the General Con-
vention, at its session, to commence on the first day of March next: that
upon application to the President of the Council, you will be furnished
with the names of witnesses who will be called on to testify against you.
Charges and specifications against Henry Smith, as Provisional Goy-
ernor, under the eleventh section of the organic law, for malfeasance,
and misconduct in his said office, as preferred by a committee appoint-
ed by the General Council for that purpose:
Charge 1st. For violating the republican principles of the Federal
Constitution of Mexico of 1824, which as Provisional Governor, he has
sworn to support.
2d. For neglecting to support the declaration of the Consultation of
the chosen Delegates of all Texas, in General Convention assembled; and
for endeavoring to prevent the General Council from carrying into effect.
(768 )