Proceedings of the General Council.
223
charging them with a desire to sacrifice their country at the shrine of
plunder; by charging the Council with corruption and deception; by
using towards them foul and scurrilous language, and vile epithets, call-
ing members scoundrels and parricides, and descending to low ridicule
of natural infirmities of individual members, and for many other false,
malicious and libellous charges against said Council contained in the
aforesaid communication.
Spec. 2d. That the said Henry Smith, Provisional Governor as afore-
said, in the same communication referred to in specification first, under
charge fourth, has been guilty of grossly libelling individual members,
in language degrading to his official station, and thereby endeavoring to
bring individual members into ridicule and contempt.
Spec. 3d. That the said Henry Smith, Provisional Governor as afore-
said, did, in the presence of one of the members of the General Council
and other citizens present, utter and publish slander of individual mem-
bers, and of the Council generally, originating in vindictive malice,
caused by the Council’s exercising their constitutional right of pass-
ing into ordinances, acts which he had given an executive veto, at the
same time declaring his determination of introducing schisms into the
Council.	,
Spec. 4th. That the said Henry Smith, Provisional Governor as afore-
said, through the medium of spies and tale bearers, and by low intriguing
management with such description of persons, seeks to procure informa-
tion of the proceedings and opinions of the Council and of its members,
endeavoring to pry into the sanctity of its secret sessions, which he him-
self recommends, and listens to false and malicious misrepresentations,
such as are to be expected from the class of persons who would be em-
ployed for such vile purposes.
Spec. 5th. That the said. Henry Smith, Provisional Governor as afore-
said, shows his official inconsistency and mismanagement; First, by his
communication of the -------- day of January, when he commends the
patriotism of McKinney and Williams, and after appointing the same
Mr. McKinney to take charge of the Government vessel, he in a com-
munication dated January the ninth, calls the same Mr. McKinney a
deceiver and a land pirate. Second, he strongly recommended the Com-
manding-G eneral to treat with the Cherokee Indians of the east, in a
few days afterwards, orders him several hundred miles to the "west; he
recommended the purchase of the vessel of McKinney and Williams,
which is now offered to the Government, when a member of the commit-
tee of safety of Columbia, and now endeavors to embarrass and defeat
the execution of the same contract.
Spec. 6th. That the said Henry Smith, Provisional Governor as afore-
said, manifested his contempt of the powers and authority of the Gen-
eral Council by appointing officers without the consent of the General
Council, as set forth in specification second, third and fourth under
charge the third.
Spec. 7th. That the said Henry Smith, Provisional Governor as afore-
said, neglected and refused to instruct the commissioners treating -with
the Cherokee Indians, agreeably to the resolutions of the General Coun-
cil. He usurped the rights of the Council in transcending his authority
for giving instructions, especially to procure the proper officers for the
navy. He exercises the Executive veto, to gratify private malice, and
(771 )