224
Proceedings of the General Council.
without regard to reason, truth or consistency, with manifest disposition
to exercise dictatorial powers over the representatives of the people. He
has by his communication of the ninth of January instant, attempted to
dissolve the Provisional Government of Texas, by endeavoring to alarm
them with proclamations, interdicting communications between the De-
partments of Government, and declaring the General Council adjourned
until the first of March next, unless the representatives of the Sovereign
People would yield to humiliating concessions and conditions dictated
by himself, and yield themselves the slaves of his will and pleasure.
R. JONES, Chairman.
R. R. ROYALL.	)	•
JESSEE BURNHAM, - Committee.
E. COLLARD,	)
On motion of Mr. Royall,
Resolved, That the address to the people of Texas be signed by all the
officers and members of the General Council.
The following communication was received from Henry Smith, which
was read and referred to a committee consisting of Messrs. Clements and
Rovall.
Executive DEPARTMIENT of Texas.
To the Honorable, the President, and Members of the Legislative
Council:
Gentlemen:—
The communication sent to your body on the tenth inst., in which
I used much asperity of language, which I considered at the time was
called for from me: owing to what I deemed improvident acts of your
body, in which I considered much intrigue and duplicity had been used,
which was in their nature and tendency calculated to breed confusion
and greatly injure the public good. Among other things the appoint-
ment of Colonel Fannin, was one which I deemed unwarranted by law
and of injurious tendency. If the act of your body was ratified by me,
it is plain and evident, that neither the Commander-in-Chief, the Coun-
cil, nor the Executive, could have any control over him. I therefore
deemed it a gross insult offered by the Council to my Department, and
one which I was not willing to overlook. I admit that I repelled it with
a keenness and asperity of language beyond the rules of decorum; be-
cause I believed it was certainly intended as an insult direct. If there-
fore your body should think proper to acknowledge their error by an
immediate correction of it, which I consider would only be their reason-
able duty, all differences between the two Departments should cease;
and so far as I am concerned be forever buried in oblivion. And that
friendly and harmonious intercourse resumed which should ever exist
between the different branches of the Government. I suggest and solicit
this from the purest motives, believing the public good would thereby be
advanced. Believing that the rules of Christian charity require. of us to
bear and forbear, and as far as possible to overlook the errors and foibles
of each other. In this case I may not have exercised towards your body
that degree of forbearance which was probably your due. If so, I have
been laboring under error, and as such hope, you will have the magna-
(772)