228
Proceedings of the General Council.
breaking me you have been good enough to summon me to a formal trial,
leaving the alternative with myself to choose the tribunal before whom I
would be tried, whether before your own body, before whom I had al-
ready been condemned, or before my peers in convention. Reason, it
would seem, would direct the latter alternative. I at all times hold- my-
self answerable and amenable as a public officer to my peers, and to none
other. I acknowledge the receipt of the charges and specifications pre-
ferred against me by your body, and feel able and willing in convention
to plead to them. Reserving to myself in the mean time the privilege of
taking all legal exceptions. I demand of your president as a right, the
names of all the members present on the ninth-instant, with the proper
certificate, commencing with the first of the present month, and up to
the present date inclusive. And all the members now present are noti-
fied, to appear at the town of Washington, as witnesses, on the first day
of March next, for by your own acts and the proof of your own body, I
hope to be able to exculpate myself before a liberal and unbiassed body
from all the charges preferred against me. It would appear that some
jurisdictions are not represented, others have two and some long since
precluded by law seem to hold on, and form a part of your body. I think
it would be well to examine these things, as circumstances may render its
investigation necessary.
I would give your body this friendly advice, that notwithstanding you
are the representatives of the people, they have given you the limit, over
which they will not permit you to pass, and any thing done by your body
calculated to bring about disorganization, or not warranted by the organic
law, will be viewed and considered as an outrage for which you will be
held amenable.
What I have done, however bad you may view it, has been done for the
best of reasons, and from the purest motives. I care not for popularity,
and seek alone the public good. And if the course I have persued, so con-
demned by you, should bring down the odium and contempt of the whole
community, and at the same time be the means of saving the character,
the credit, and finally redeem the country, I say to you, in the sincerity
of truth, that it is a sacrifice I willingly make at the shrine of the public
good.
HENRY SMITH, Governor.
Mr. Hanks reported that he had notified the Executive Secretary, ac-
cording to the resolutions passed this morning.
Mr. Thompson, from the select committee to whom was referred the
petition of Wm. Burnett, made the following report, which with the ac-
companying resolution were read and adopted, Hz.:
To the Honorable, the President, and Council:
Your special committee of two appointed to consider the case and peti-
tion of William Burnett, a returning soldier from Bexar, beg leave to re-
port as follows:
That he be allowed for his services,
.Expenses, doctor’s fees while sick,
a
at this place and return home, .
$34 32
18 75
5 00
$58 07
( 776 )