Proceedings of the General Council.
229
.and recommend that the last mentioned sum of five dollars be drawn by
■order on the treasurer out of the fund for sick soldiers.
. ALEXANDER THOMPSON, ) c ...
E. COLLARD,	§ Committee.
January 13 th, 1836.
Be it resolved by the General Council, &c., that the auditor issue his
draft in favor of William Burnett, for fifty-three dollars and seven cents
for his services in the army, and pay for doctor’s fees, &e.
Also one other draft in favor of said Burnett for five dollars, to be paid
out of the fund for sick soldiers.
The orders of the day were called up.
Mt. Tucker’s resolutions in regard to the wagon, team and harness
pressed and taken by James Grant from John Gilbert was taken, and Mr.
Hanks offered a substitute, and on motion of Mr. Hanks, both were or-
dered to lie on the table until to-morrow..
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the orders of the day were suspended.
Mr. Barrett presented a report and resolutions from the committee to
whom was referred the communications of F. W. Johnson, which Mr.
Royall moved to reject.
And thereupon the ayes and noes being called for, the vote was as fol-
lows: Ayes — Messrs. Burnham, Clements, Patillo, Royall, Malone,
'Thompson—6. And thereupon no further action was had.
On motion of Mr. Royall, the House adjourned till nine o’clock to-
morrow morning.
Council Hall, San FELIPE de Austin, )
January 14th, 1836.	5
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday’s proceedings being read,
On motion of Mr. Barrett, ordered that the journal of the House from
the tenth to the thirteenth instant, inclusive, be furnished the printer
for publication..
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the thanks of this House were returned
to Judge West, for the prompt, efficient and firm manner in which he
has discharged his duty as a member of this Council.
Mr. Barrett presented a letter from Samuel Williams dated January
2d, 1836, which was read and referred to the committee on military
affairs.
On motion of Mr. Thompson, the vote of the House on the report
and resolutions of the committee to whom was referred the letter of
Colonel F. W. Johnson, was reconsidered, and the said report and reso-
lutions as amended were presented by Mr. Thompson, which on motion
of Mr. Hanks, were adopted in the following form:
To the Honorable the General Council of the Provisional Govern-
ment of Texas:
Your committee to whom was referred the letter of Col. F. W. John-
son, of the seventh of January, report: That the statement of Col. John-
( 777 )