230
Proceedings of the General Council.
son, connected with the recent disclosure to this House, of executive acts
heretofore kept from their knowledge, places the expedition got up for a
descent upon Matamoras by the volunteers at Bexar, in a point of view,,
widely different from that which was first presented to them, with the
knowledge of facts then acted upon. The strong objections of the
Governor to the movement of the volunteers, as represented in Col.
Johnson’s first communication to this Council, induced the apprehen-
sion that all was not right. But upon a further knowledge of facts, it
appears that the measure as adopted by Col. Johnson, arose from an
apparent legal authority from the Provisional Government, and which
this Council, will not, at this time disclaim, as they would have a right
to do.
Edward Burleson being commissioned by the Governor, without the
knowledge of the General Council, General and commander-in-chief of
the volunteer army before Bexar, as such had the right of appointing.'
his staff with the rank of colonels. This situation and rank were con-
f erred upon, F. W. Johnson and James Grant,
as appears by evidence
known to your committee.
On leaving Bexar, General Burleson left
Col. Johnson in command, he also having succeeded to the command
in Bexar, on the death of Colonel Milam, during the storming of that
place. An expedition against Matamoras was called for, by sound policy,
the voice of the people, and the opinion of most members of the General
Council. The commanding general, Burleson, was advised to pursue
that measure by members of the General Council; and on the command
devolving upon Colonel Johnson, his situation required him to act, upon
the orders he had received, directed to General Burleson. The call was
made for volunteers for the expedition, and-a plan of operation con-
certed. Col. Johnson, like a true patriot, presented the whole to the
Governor, and laid the same before the General Council and although,
some misconception of rights, had arisen among the volunteers, from
the want of a proper knowledge of the existing laws upon the army
organization, yet no material obstacles would have arisen to stop or
embarras the expedition, as planned, had the preceding facts been earlier
disclosed, and other difficulties. had not been thrown in the way by de-
signing men.
Your committee cannot advise a departure from the .laws adopted by
the Government regulating the volunteer service. General rules
must be respected. But no consequences can possibly arise affect-
ing the rights of volunteers as contemplated by the seventh section of an
ordinance and decree, creating and organizing an auxiliary corps for
Texas, which would not follow the plan proposed by Col. Johnson.
These volunteers are willing to go out under the authority of the Govern-
ment, but incline to prescribe the manner; which cannot be admitted
without violating existing laws. This, reason, sound policy, and good
faith to other volunteers forbid. And yet the difference is quite im-
material in effect; for in either ease the volunteers are, or may be under
the direct orders of the Governor and Council, equally at the election of
themselves through their officers.
Your committee therefore advise that Colonel Johnson have the ap-
probation of this Government to conduct the volunteers who have en-
tered upon the expedition to Matamoras, as the officers of the Govern-
ment, arising from the commission of the Governor to General Burleson.
(778)