232
Proceedings of the General Council.
See. 2d. Be it further ordained and decreed, and it is hereby ordained
and decreed by the authority aforesaid, that the notarial acts and ad-
ministration of oaths, done by the aforesaid Secretary and Recorder,
connected with the duties and business of his said office be, and the
same are hereby declared legal and valid in law, in as full and ample
manner, and to have the same effect, as if these powers had been es-
pecially defined before his said appointment, by the law creating the
said office. And also, that the Secretary of the Executive, shall forever
hereafter, have full power and authority to do and execute all notarial
acts, and administer oaths in all cases growing out of, or necessarily
connected with, the duties of the said office.
Sec. 3. Be it further ordained and decreed, that the Governor, Lieu-
tenant Governor, President of the General Council, Secretary of the
Council, and all Judge Advocates of the army be, and they are hereby
vested with full power and authority to administer oaths in all matters
connected with the duties of their respective offices.
The President presented a letter from C. B. Stewart, Executive Sec-
retary; which was read and referred to the committee on state and ju-
diciary.
Also, a letter from M. Caldwell; which was read and referred to the
committee on military affairs.
Mr. Hanks, from the committee on military affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the communications of M. Caldwell, of the 9th December, 1835,
presented the following report; which was adopted.
Your committee, to whom was referred the report of M. Caldwell, beg
leave to state to. the House, that in the opinion of your committee no
action can be had upon it for the following reasons:
Mr. Caldwell is not known to this House as a contractor, and if he has
been appointed sub-contractor, it is his duty to settle with the individual
who appointed him, and let that individual present his report; that is,
the contractor who appointed him.
Your committee beg leave hence to be discharged from the further
consideration of the report.
Mr. Clements, from the committee on Indian affairs, to. whom was
referred the letter of D. B. Friar, obtained leave to have the same trans-
ferred to the committee on military affairs.
Mr. Cullen, presented and read a message from James W. Robinson,
the acting Governor, together with divers letters and documents accom-
panying the same, all of which were referred to the several standing
committees of the House.
And on motion of Mr. Clements, ordered that a copy of the message
be sent to the public printer for publication.-
To the Honorable, the President and Members of the General
Council:
Gentlemen—
In obedience to the resolution of your honorable body, unanimously
adopted on the tenth instant, declaring the office of Governor vacant,
and requiring me to enter upon the discharge of the duties of the same,
according to the provisions of .the second article of the organic law, cre-
ating a Provisional Government for Texas. I obey the painful and un-
expected call of your honorable body, and enter upon the discharge of
(780)