Proceedings of the General Council.
233
my official duties, with a firm reliance upon divine Providence, and your
wisdom and experience to direct and assist me in the performance of that
highly important trust; and I cherish the devout hope, that your labors
to improve, save, and serve the country, may be crowned with success.
In doing so, permit me to assure you, that no consideration but the
safety and happiness of the country, could induce me to accept the office
of Governor, at this time, and under the peculiar and delicate relations
existing between the General Council and myself, and the Ex-Governor
of Texas, Henry Smith, Esq., with the latter of whom, the utmost good
feeling has uniformly prevailed; and had the honor of presiding over
your deliberations by virtue of my appointment of Lieutenant Governor,
by the General Convention of the chosen delegates of all Texas; and
having received the personal kindness of the members of your honorable
body, I was unwilling to separate from you, or change the relation that
already existed between us: but circumstances beyond my power to con-
trol, or within your authority to prevent, have imposed the deplorable
necessity upon me, of accepting the responsible station to which, as the
immediate representatives of the people, you have called me. I neither
seek nor avoid responsibility; it is the duty of every citizen to obey the
call of his country, and upon that principle, it becomes my duty to bow
in submission.
The assumption of power, claimed by the Ex-Governor, in his mess-
age of the tenth instant, is of a most extraordinary character, dangerous
in its tendency, calculated to wither the laurels of the hero, blight with
a fatal mildew the fondest hopes of the patriot, and crush forever the
heroic efforts of the freeman of Texas, now grapling in deadly conflict,
with the military usurper of Mexico, and are such as I confidently hope
will meet the just indignation of an enlightened community; for in
times like these, every direct and bold attack and invasion of the rights
of the people, ought to be promptly repelled. Let it not with truth
be said, that after having bearded the lion in his den, and driven him
from it in confusion and dismay, that we tamely suffer the wolf, in
sheep’s clothing, to enter the fold and destroy the flock.
The encroachments of executive power and patronage, upon the rights
and privileges of the co-ordinate branches of the Government in Europe
and America, have formed the ground of complaint on the part of the
revolutionists in most, if not all cases, and in the incipient stage of our
Government, we ought to stop the inroad of this hydra monster of politi-
cal wickedness, before it has time or opportunity to establish itself by
precedent and immemorial usage, and thereby silently undermine the
temple of freedom dedicated to the people, before the workmen have
completed the edifice. 'But you are told in the message, that it is the
duty of the Executive; nay, imperious necessity compels him. The
Tyrant’s plea!
So said Alexander, when he hypocritically declared himself the pro-
tector of the liberties of Greece. So said Caesar, when he blotted out
forever the splendid sun of Roman freedom. So said the Emperor Na-
poleon, when he wore, without a blush the diadem of the Caesars, ce-
mented with the blood of nations, and nailed the Christian religion to
the cross of the Roman Pontiff, without remorse. And even now, at
this moment, Santa Anna declares, .that for the preservation of the
Mexican nation, and for the happiness of its citizens, he from necessity,
(781)