234
Proceedings of the General Council.
will condescend to play dictator, and save eight millions of freemen the
trouble of governing themselves. And against this principle, now pro-
mulgated in the message, in its naked deformity, our brethren are in
arms; against this principle, the gallant heroes of San Antonio, fought
.and bled, and the brave and lamented Milam fell! And your army is
now concentrating on the Western frontier, to roll back the bloody tide
-of war, upon the common enemy; and can we, I would ask, silently per-
mit the lawless exercise of power at home, when we have pledged our
lives, our fortunes, and our sacred honor, to repel it from abroad?
The power of the Executive to dissolve or adjourn the General Coun-
■cil at pleasure, without their consent, or to refuse to correspond with
them, is no where given, if it exists, it must be clearly and expresslv
defined, and not left to implication or construction. Fortunately, this
very important question, which has so direct a bearing on the very ex-
istence of the General Council, as a deliberative body, is susceptible of the
most certain and unquestionable solution. Under our system, all who
exercise power, are bound to shew, when questioned, by what authority
it is exercised. I deny the right of the Executive to question the pro-
ceedings of the General Council, utterly deny it, and challenge the'ad-
vocate and supporter of the doctrine to exhibit his authority; to point
out the article, the section, and the clause, of the constitution of Mexico
of 1824, or, the organic law which contains it; to show in a word the
express grant of the power. None other can fulfil the requirements of
our constitution and laws.
I hold it an important and interesting truth, as an undeniable axiom,
and not heretofore sufficiently understood, that the Governor has no
right to exercise any implied or constructive power; he is the creature
of the constitution and the organic law, and derives all his authority
from that source; and whatever power is not expressly granted, is re-
served to the people.
The assumption of power contained in the message to dissolve the
Council, without, and contrary to their express will, and questioning
their proceedings, and their motives as corrupt, together with the op-
probious epithets, freely applied to the members, is, in my opinion, an
outrage upon the feelings of the members, and a dangerous invasion of
the independence, the privileges, the rights and powers of the General
Council, unacknowledged by our laws, which the Executive is solemnly
sworn to obey himself, and see the same executed. The Executive, I
may add, no department, can exercise any power, without express grant
from the constitution, or by authority of law.
An enduring monument of praise is the proud reward to the wisdom,
that devised the plan, and no less to the patriotic statesman who carries
into succcessful execution. By it, ours is made, emphatically a consti-
tutional legal government, instead of a government moulded by the pol-
icy or whim of those who are commissioned to enforce and execute its
powers. By it, our Government, instead of consisting of independent,
separate, conflicting and hostile departments, has all its parts and pow-
ers united harmoniously in one, without the apprehension of collision,
and without destroying the individual and independent existence of the
parts.
After the most mature reflection that I have been able to give the
subject, it is my settled conviction, that your honorable body ought to
(782)