Proceedings of the General Council.
235
remain in session until the meeting of the new Convention, agreeably
to the provisions of the 16th article of the organic law, which provides,
that “the Governor and Council shall continue to exist as a Provisional
Government, until the re-assembling of the Consultation, or until other
delegates are elected by the people, and another government is estab-
lished.” And it is very questionable whether the Governor has any sep-
arate existence, independent of the existence of the General Council.—
And the present situation of our country requires that every citizen
should be at his post and perform his duty. I know you have made
many sacrifices by remaining here; but though you have done much and
performed it well, still your work is not yet finished: and the most ex-
traordinary course adopted by my predecessor, renders it necessary that
your labors should be prolonged, beyond what would have been required,
had he harmoniously continued to perform his duty as Governor. And
if your circumstances require a return to your several homes sooner
than the first day of March next; you might call the members of the
new Convention to convene on the fifteenth day of February, and the
first day of the same month or sooner, you might adjourn your body to
meet when and where the members of the next Convention meet. In
fact I would be glad to see the new Convention convene at as early a day
.as practicable. For the means of communicating the acts and proceed-
ings of your body to the people generally, has been so limited and un-
certain, that I have no doubt that it is the principal cause of what dis-
satisfaction that has prevailed. But I. think the policy doubtful, if not
dangerous to the public interest; upon this, as in all your former delib-
erations, let the good of Texas be your polar star, by which you will
shape your course, and you will have the approbation of an approving
conscience, and the blessings of a free and grateful people.
The defenceless situation of our oppressed country calls for your
prompt attention and speedy relief. Surrounded on one side by hordes
of merciless savages, brandishing the tomahawk and scalping knife, re-
cently red with human gore; and on the other, the less merciful glitter-
ing spear and ruthless sword of the descendents of Cortes, and his mod-
ern Goths and Vandals, make it in my opinion your paramount duty as a
Council, to remain permanently in session until the Convention meets,
as there is no other authority to provide for the speedy organization
of the ranging corps, and particularly for the security and protection
of the inhabitants of the frontier of Red River, where no force is yet
-.stationed or raised. And I would respectfully recommend to your con-
sideration the propriety of raising and officering the detachments of
rangers from the inhabitants of the frontier where they are designed
to range; that it would operate to increase the activity and vigilance of
the corps and promote their harmony, I entertain little doubt.
The regular army is not yet recruited and filled up, and the enemy is
preparing a large force to demonstrate upon us early in the spring; and
■should another attempt be made to invade Texas which we may have
every reason to believe, will be done, we may expect a much more form-
idable enemy in point of numbers at least, than we have yet had to con-
tend against. The organization of an efficient army in the field, and the
means necessary for their support and comfort will, I am persuaded, con-
tinue to occupy your time until so desirable an object is fully accom-
plished. I recommend to your consideration the propriety of reducing
(783)