236
Proceedings of the General Council.
the number of field and company officers in the regiment of artillery; the
excess of officers in their corps, over the usual number, is a ground of
complaint, and the objection, as far as my knowledge extends, is well
founded. In the present embarrassed state of the treasury, rigid econ-
omy, and strict accountability is absolutely necessary, to secure a govern-
ment for the people unfettered by an overwhelming national debt. I
would call your attention to the situation of the public lands, and the
embarrassments to the bona fide settler consequent upon the closing
of the land officers by the General Convention. It is believed, that the
reason which induced that honorable body to close them by the pro-
visions of the fourteenth article of the organic law, no longer exists and
that the re-opening of the same would be of great public utility. I would
therefore suggest the expediency of providing by law for the disposition
of public lands, to actual settlers now in Texas, or who may emigrate
here and settle on their locations in accordance with the provisions of
the organic law, and laws of colonization. And those citizens whose
titles are not fully forfeited, should be authorized to receive them under
. such rules and regulations, as you in your wisdom may think proper.
But at the same time, I would doubt the expediency of permitting any
locations of large claims to, or grants of the public domain, until the
meeting of the convention, when the members will come clothed with
plenary powers from the sovereign people. And until the land offices
can be thoroughly systematized by the competent authority hereafter to
be appointed; when the policy that is to govern the country in the dis-
position of the public lands, can be adopted by that honorable body.
I would recommend to your attention, the propriety of opening and
organizing the courts of justice, on the basis of the comman law of
England, as being not only the best system of jurisprudence extant, but
as being more extensively known, and better adapted to the wants and
customs of the citizens; and as a system, it has withstood the attack of
tyranny in Europe and America, and finally triumphed. The citizens
of Texas are a constitutional and law-abiding people, they look there
for safety and protection in the last resort, as regards questions among
themselves; and next to doing justice, in importance, is, that it should
be speedily administered; for it is an important fact that a delay of jus-
tice, in many cases, is tantamount to a denial of justice; and the organi-
zation of the judiciary is a measure necessary to secure peace and good
order in society, and to protect and secure the property and persons of
our fellow citizens generally.
I would ask your attention to the propriety and necessity of passing
an ordinance and decree, regulating marriages, divorces, and alimony.
And also one in relation to ferries and bridges, on military and post
roads, so as to insure the regular transportation of the mail, and facili-
tate the movements of the troops in time of war, as well as ammunition
and supplies for the army.
, The defence and protection of the seaboard from the attacks of the ene-
my’s armed vessels, will I am persuaded' receive your earliest and most de-
liberate attention; the flourishing towns upon the coast of the Gulf of
Mexico are greatly exposed to the enemy, and as a temporary protec-
tion, until an effectual safeguard can be provided for their security, I
would invite your attention to the propriety of erecting one or more
batteries at each port and town, upon the sea coast, and I would also
(784)