Proceedings of the General Council.
237
advise the survey of the several ports of Texas, with a view to make the
intercourse with our country more secure, and it is confidently believed
that the rate of insurance would be thereby greatly diminished
A measure intimately connected with the commerce and prosperity
of the country, is the duty on imposts and tonnage. The rate of duty
as now established by law, is, in my opinion too high, in the present situ-
ation of the country. I would therefore very respectfully recommend, in
lieu of fifteen and twenty-five per cent, ad valorem duty, that ten and
twenty per cent be levied and collected under the rules and regula-
tions as now prescribed by law. It is the interest of our country, to
invite capital and emigrants, by affording every facility in our power
consistent with the other important interests of our country.
As a necessary and important measure that stands intimately connected
with the defence of the country, and one to which I invite your attention,
is the creation and due organization of a corps of marines, and as you
have purchased two vessels for the public service, and shortly expect two-
more, to be purchased by your agents abroad, it would be very desirable
to have that corps organized, and ready for service' with as little delay as.
possible. I herewith transmit to your honorable body sundry letters rec-
ommendatory of lieutenant Francis Nevill, late of the United States ma-
rines, and from my knowledge of the gentleman recommending lieutenant.
Nevill, I would respectfully recommend him for a captain in said corps.
Permit me to invite your kind attention to the organization of that
part of Texas laying on or near Bed River, into one or more municipality
or municipalities, and provide suitable municipal officers, for the due ad-
ministration of justice, and that they be allowed their due representation,
in proportion to the number of inhabitants, in your Council, and in the
next convention, and that you invite the freemen of Red River to join
you in putting down military rule in our country. And the speedy es-
tablishment of a mail route from the town of "Nacogdoches to Pecan
point, Jonesborough, and such other places, near Red River, as you may
deem necessary, is respectfully recommended, as the only sure and speedy
means of communicating with that interesting part of the country, and
I would ask your instructions and directions to the post-master general
on this subject. As connected with the interests of the people of Red
River, a letter from the-Hon. John Forbes, is herewith communicated^
and the sentiments therein contained, respectfully recommended to your
consideration.
I herewith transmit a letter of recommendation from Major Arthur
Henrie in favor of lieutenant Henry Teal and Jacob Snively, and giving
notice of the non-acceptance of Mr. James Carter of his appointment of
captain in the regular army, all of which is respectfully submitted.
The condition of our fellow-citizens at San Antonio who were wounded
at the storming of that fortress, and that of the garrison and town at that
place, will claim your earliest attention. I am informed that many of the
brave men at that post, are without the necessary means to promote their
recovery from wounds received in your defence, and the troops stationed
there are represented to be in want of the necessary supplies, and many
of the unfortunate inhabitants reduced, by the war, from opulence and
case, to penury and want; humanity and sound policy alike dictate the
adoption of such measures, as their misfortunes and sufferings require,
and your philanthropy will generously extend, and the only relief I ap-
50 — VOL. 1.
(785 )