Proceedings of the General Council.
239
you by his wisdom in your deliberations, and that a form of government,
such as the people shall choose freely, and with a speedy and honorable
peace, may be the happv result of vour councils, is the sincere desire of
your fellow-citizen. “	“ JAMES AV. ROBINSON.
San Felipe de Austin, January 14, 1836.
On motion of Air. Barrett, ordered that the above message be printed
in handbill form, and that two hundred copies be printed.
Air. Hanks presented the following resolution, which was read, and on
motion of Air. Barrett, adopted, viz.:
Resolved, that the late Governor, Henry Smith, be requested to send
the President of the General Council, all public correspondence,' and all
other public documents now in his hands, or which may hereafter come
into his hands, for the disposition of this House.
On motion of Air. Hanks, it is ordered that the journals of the House
be printed, from the ninth to the fourteenth instant, both days inclusive.
Air. Royall presented the account of P. B. Dexter, which was allowed.
On motion of Air. Jones it was ordered that the comptroller be fur-
nished with a copy of all laws in relation to his office.
On motion the House adjourned till three o’clock, p. m.
THREE o’clock, p. m.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
The President presented a communication, directed to the President
. and members of the General Council, from J. AV. Aloody, auditor of pub-
lic accounts, containing accounts of J. O. Blair, James Small, and John
Al. White, referred to the consideration of the House, which were read,
and ordered to lie on the table.
Air. Barrett of the committee to whom was referred the communica-
tion from the Executive Secretary, made the following report which was
read, and together with the accompanying resolutions was adopted, viz.:
To the Honorable, the General Council of the Provisional Govern-
ment:
Your committee on the state and judiciary, to whom was referred the
communication of C. B. Stewart, secretary of the Executive and recorder
of the General Council, report,
That an unutterable feeling of regret has sunk deep in the minds of
your committee, in view of the present relations of this House and the
late head of the Executive department of the Government. But, inas-
much as reasons satisfactory to the General Council, have induced them
to suspend the functions of the late Governor Smith, any refusal on the
part of any officer of the Government to recognize their acts, or to obey
its legal orders, consequent upon the measures adopted, must be regarded
as contumelious and in contempt of the representatives of the sovereign
people, in general council assembled, and the usual course pursued,, as
regards such persons, as the. precedents of other governments, framed
upon republican principles, will point out and justify.
Therefore, be it resolved by. the General Council of the Provisional
Government of Texas, that'Charles B. Stewart, Secretary of the Execu-
tive, and recorder for the General Council, for his refusal to comply with
the resolutions and orders of said council, as disclosed in his communica-
( 787 )