240
Proceedings of the General Council.
tion to that body, of the date of the fourteenth instant, be, and he is
hereby declared to be contumelious and in contempt of the General Coun-
cil aforesaid, and that notice be served on said Chas. B. Stewart, to be
and appear before the said General Council at twelve o’clock to-morrow,
the fifteenth instant, to show cause why he has so done, and wherefore
he should not be punished, for his said contumely and contempt, at the
pleasure of this house.
On motion of Mr. Royall, the account of James Small was taken up
and allowed.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, the House adjourned till nine o’clock to-
morrow morning.
COUNCIL Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
January 15, 1836. J
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The House met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday’s proceedings being read,
The President presented a communication from J. C. Neill, Lieut.
Colonel commandant at Bexar, enclosing a list of the men in that Garri-
son which was read and on motion of Mr. Royall, was referred to the
committee on military affairs.
On motion of Mr. Royall, the communication from Bexar accompany-
ing the Governor’s message of yesterday, were ordered to be transferred
from the committee on military affairs, together with whatever observa-
tions may have been made upon them.
The President presented a communication from the auditor of public
accounts, enclosing some accounts, about which some difficulty had arisen
with him and the comptroller, on their admissibility, which were referred
to the committee on the state and judiciary.
Mr. Clements, of the committee to whom was referred the communica-
tion of G. Borden, requesting information in regard to the duties of col-
lectors of public dues on lands, reported progress and asked leave to sit
again, which was granted.
On motion of Mr. Tucker, the resolutions in regard to the property
pressed and taken from John Gilbert by James Grant together with'Mr.
Hank’s substitute therefor, were taken up, and on motion of Mr. Hanks,
the substitute was adopted as follows:
Resolved, that the purchase of one wagon, four horses and harness for
the same, by Dr. James Grant of John Gilbert for the use and benefit of
the volunteer army, viz.:, for hauling baggage, arms and ammunition for
said volunteers in their expedition against Matamoras, as authorized and
contemplated by the General Council, be and the same is hereby made the
property of the Provisional Government of Texas, to be used and subject
to the order of the agents and proper officers of said Government for the
purpose for which it was purchased by the said Grant, as set forth in said
Gilbert’s account; and that the said James Grant be and he is hereby held
accountable to said government for the price, viz.: six hundred and sev-
enty dollars, for said wagon, horses and harness, if the same should not be
( 788)