Proceedings of the General Council.
243
clined to extend all proper aid to the petitioner for the protection of his
property, in the enemy’s country. Your committee cannot advise this
Council to place the administration of justice into the hands of an indi-
vidual in his own case.—Should it hereafter appear, that Mr. Linn, or
any other person, has suffered loss by the enemy, under such circum-
stances as justice would require the community to sustain, by making
amends, your committee are of opinion, that it should be done directly
from the public Treasury, rather than by the plan proposed by the peti-
tioner, in the present application.
D. C. BARRETT, Chairman.
Council Hall, January 15th,' 1836.
Mr. Barrett, from the same committee, to whom was referred so much
of the message of the acting Governor, as relates to the opening of the
Land Offices, and other communications on the same subject, made re-
port, accompanied by an ordinance and decree for extending and perfect-
ing titles to settlers; which was read and laid on the table.
Mr. Royall presented a resolution for allowing ninety-seven dollars on
the claim of H. H. Cone, and directing the accounting officer, to draw
on Thomas F. McKinney for the same; which was adopted.
The account of Leonard H. Mabbitt, referred to the House by the au-
ditor, was taken up and fifty dollars allowed.
Mr. Barrett, from the committee on the state and judiciary, as chair-
man, to whom was referred a resolution to inquire into the expediency
of opening the courts of justice, &c., made the following report; which
was read and adopted:
Said report was accompanied with an ordinance; which was read the
first time, and laid on the table.
To the Honorable, the General Council of. the Provisional Govern-
ment of Texas:
Your committee on state and judiciary, to whom was referred the reso-
lution and that part of the Governor’s message, as relates to the opening
the several courts of justice, report,
That the reasons for suspending civil proceedings, as contemplated in the
sixth article of the organic law, has ceased to exist, and that the proper
administration of justice in the several courts is indispensable in all well
regulated communities, under such restrictions as the situation and rela-
tions of the country may demand.
They, therefore, &c.
Mr. Clements, from the committee appointed to procure and send an
express to Gonzales, made the following report; which was read and
adopted:
The committee who was appointed to procure an express to go to Gon-
zales, report,
That the same has been done, and that the individual employed to take
said express, has returned. And your committee further suggest that
the individual so employed, should be allowed and paid to him out of
the contingent fund, whatever he may be entitled to for his trouble and
expenses.
An account accompanied said report, allowing the express rider fifteen
dollars for his trouble and expense; which was approved.
(791)