244
Proceedings of the General Council.
Mr. Hanks, from the committee on military affairs, to whom was re-
ferred certain communications from Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Neill, com-
mandant at Bexar, made the following report; which together with the
accompany resolutions, was read and adopted:
To the Honorable, the Genet al Cotmcil:
Your committee having examined and duly considered the communica-
tions and reports from Lieut. Colonel J. C. Neill, commandant at Bexar,
respectfully report for your consideration, the following resolutions:
Whereas the troops garrisoned at Bexar, being without the necessary
provisions and clothing for their support and comfort, and the proba-
bility of its being some time yet before the necessary supplies from our
agents in the United States, for the subsistence, support and use of the
army, will be received, and it being absolutely necessary to make imme-
diate provision for the sustenance and support of those troops at Bexar,
and it being impossible to drive beeves and procure provisions for their
use, without horses: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the General. Council of the Provisional Government
of Texas, that Lieut. Colonel Neill, commandant at Bexar be, and he is
hereby authorized and empowered to employ as many Mexicans or other
citizens for the purpose of driving up beeves and procuring provisions for
the troops under his command, as may be required for their support, and
that this Government shall respect the drafts of said commandant for the
pay of said men in his employ, as aforesaid: Provided, that the said com-
mandant cannot offer them any more money for their services, as enlisted
soldiers or volunteer troops, than the existing laws prescribe.
Be it further resolved, &c., that the sum of twenty dollars per month, ,
to the Mexicans employed by the commandant at Bexar, for the purpose
■ of getting beeves and other provisions for the support of the troops under
his command be, and is hereby acknowledged by this Government, and
that the said commandant be, and is hereby authorized and empowered
to draw for the pay of said Mexican citizens for their services as aforesaid.
Be it further resolved, &c., that John W. Smith be, and is hereby au-
thorized and empowered to collect the sum of one thousand dollars for
the public dues, or any money to that amount belonging to this Govern-
ment, in the department of Bexar, and to give the same to the command-
ant at that place, the same to be used for the support of the troops under
his command, taking sufficient vouchers for the same, and report the same
to this Government; and also to the Collector of public dues for that de-
partment.
Be it further resolved, &c., that an express be immediately procured
to take these resolutions to the commandant at Bexar, and that his Ex-
cellency, James W. Robinson, acting Governor of Texas, be required to
communicate with the commandant at said post and forward these reso-
lutions to said commandant.
Mr. Clements, from the committee on land and Indian affairs, to whom
was referred the communications from Lieut. Col. Neill, recommending
a treaty with the Comanche Indians, reported progress, and had leave to
sit again.
The following message was received from the acting Governor, trans-
mitting sundry communications from individuals; which were read and
referred to the committee on military affairs:
( 792 )