Proceedings of the General Council.
245
To the Honorable the President and members of the General Council:
GENTLEMEN:—
I have on this day approved and signed,
“An ordinance and decree creating a new municipality to be called
Colorado, and for organizing the same.”
"A resolution allowing Doctor H. H. Cone ninety-five dollars.”
I herewith transmit for your information a letter from L. De Zavala
Esq., to Captain Dimitt, of the commandancy of of the fortress of Go-
liad, in relation to an expedition against the town of Matamoras.
A copy of the certificate of James H. Bowman is also communicated,
detailing facts in relation to Doctor Grant and Captain Burke of the
volunteer army; all of which is very respectfully submitted to your con-
sideration.
I remain with sentiments of high consideration,
Your obedient servant,
JAMES W. ROBINSON.
January 16 th, 1836.
Mr. Hanks, from a select committee, to-whom was referred a petition
for certain papers in the Land Office, made the following report; which
was read and laid on the table:
Your committee, who was appointed to inquire into'the propriety of
opening the land offices, so far as to give to the actual settlers, the citi-
zens and those who emigrated to Texas, under the colonization laws, and
whe have never received the land to which they were entitled as emi-
grants, settlers or citizens, report as follows:
Whereas, many of our fellow-citizens having been compelled to leave
their home and their business, for the purpose of defending their rights,
and protecting the country against an invading foe, and believing if all
important, (as it really was,) to direct the public attention, and to con-
centrate all the strength of the country to that single point, to wit,
Bexar, for the purpose of dividing from Texas her most deadly enemies,
those who were determined to oppress and destroy us, and (to use their
own language,) to make Texas a howling wilderness, and believing, that,
by stopping all land operations, for the present, would conduce in a great
degree to bring about an object so desirable, I advocated and supported
every measure and act of the House, which had for its object, the closing
■ of the Land Offices. Believing, too, that those in the service of their
country, should have at least as good an opportunity of improving their
fortune, and bettering their condition in life, as those remaining at home,
I thought it nothing but justice, on all sides, to close for a time, all busi-
ness connected with the Land Offices. Besides, I was induced to believe
from communications which I received, that fraud would be practised and
injustice done, by surveying and granting titles to locations of land, to
which those absent were entitled.
But the cause and reason why I was desirous of stopping all landed
operations) having ceased, to as great an extent, as can be expected dur-
ing the unsettled state of our affairs and condition, which may continue
for years. And believing it to be essential to the great and permanent
interests of Texas, to re-open and renew the Land Offices, and landed
operations throughout the country.
(793)