Proceedings of the General Council.
247
Council, constituting a Provisional Government, were to exist until a
re-Convention or the establishment of another Government.
Your honorable body, and his Excellency, Henry Smith, thus created,
it is my duty to regard, the one as the proper legislative body, the other,
as the only Executive power. In my own capacity, created by the Gen-
eral Council, claimed by the Executive, and executing the duties of an
officer of the General Council, it would be difficult to determine by
whom I should be controlled, did not the nomination and appointment
as Secretary to the Executive Department, and the duties defined in
the law creating a Treasurer, Secretary; &c., defining their duties, clearly
place me subject to the Executive Head, its immediate control. In rea-
son and truth, I have not much to allege to absolve myself of the charges
above referred to of’contempt of the “Representatives in Council of the
sovereign people;” and if possible to prevent the recurrence of them by
such course as your honorable body may think best; and by granting me
permission to tender my resignation.
I have the honor to be,
With all respect, your obedient servant,
C. B. STEWART.
January 15th, 1836.
The Council having deliberated upon the above communication, the
question was put by the President, “has the aforesaid Charles B. Stewart,
Esq., as Secretary to the Executive, cleared and purged himself of the
said contempt of this House, wherewith he stands charged;” when the
House unanimously responded in the negative.
On motion, the following question was then put:
“Is the aforesaid Charles B. Stewart, guilty of contempt and con-
tumely of the Representatives of the people of Texas, in General Council
assembled?”
Whereupon the ayes and nays were called, and there were in the
affirmative, Messrs. Burnham, Jones, Clements, Hanks, Barrett, Royall,
Malone, McMullen, Tucker, Thompson, Collard and Patllo.
So the question was canned in the affirmative by unanimous vote.
The question was then put by the President of the Council.
“What shall be the penalty affixed and adjudged upon the said Charles
B. Stewart, for his aforesaid contempt?”
When, on motion, the sum of two thousand five hundred dollars fine,
was submitted to the consideration of the Council; which, after some
discussion, the ayes and nays being called for, stood as follows:
AYES.—Messrs. Burnham, Jones, Clements, Hanks, Barrett, Royall,
Malone, Thompson.—8.
NAYS.—Messrs. Collard, Tucker, McMullen, Patillo.—4.
So the question was decided in the affirmative, and the fine of two
thousand five hundred dollars agreed to.
Whereupon the following judgment of the Council, on motion of Mr.
Barrett, was unanimously adopted and entered, and a copy thereof di-
rected to be made out and served upon the said Charles B. Stewart.
“'Ordered by the General Council that C. B. Stewart, Secretary to the
Executive, be suspended from Office, and that he be fined in the sum
of two thousand five hundred dollars, for his contempt of this Council,
( 795 )