248
Proceedings of the General Council.
in not obeying its order, requiring him to communicate officially with
James W. Robinson, acting Governor of Texas, and to hold all official
documents, records and correspondence, subject to the order of this
House, to be remitted, however, if the said C. B. Stewart, Secretary as
aforesaid, shall at or before nine o’clock on Monday next, comply with
the orders he has heretofore received from this Council, in regard to
his said office, and his official communications.”
A copy of the foregoing was served upon Mr. Stewart the same day.
Certain1 letters and charges were presented against Judge Mason of
Brazoria; which were read and referred to the committee on state and
judiciary.
The President submitted a communication from A. Briscoe; which
was read and-referred to the committee of finance.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, Mr. Jones was added to the committee of
finance.
The President also submitted a letter from T. J. Rusk; which was read
and referred to the committee on military affairs.
The following message was received from the acting Governor, which
was read and referred to the committee on the state and judiciary.
To the Honorable the President and Members of the General Council:
GENTLEMEN—
I beg leave respectfully to ask your attention to the importance and
necessity of having a Secretary to the Executive, as it is difficult, if not
impossible, to discharge the functions of that important department,
without an efficient person to fill the situation, and allow me to ask, as
a particular favor, the appointment of E. M. Pease Esq., as eminently
qualified to perform the duties of the office. But this, as all other ap-
pointments, being exclusively within your province to make, I will cheer-
fully acquiesce in any selection you, in your better judgment, may deem
best calculated to promote the public welfare.
Letters and communications daily arrive in this place, through the
post office, by express and by private conveyance, directed to “Henry
Smith, Governor of Texas.”
I would ask your honorable body to direct me, as my legal advisers,
whether being so officially directed, I ought to open them as the only
legal Executive. I am without the means of knowing what instructions
have been given to our foreign agents or Indian commissioners, or orders
to the commanding General, or any officer either civil or military, nei-
ther do I know what laws are and what are not published, and as the
order of your .honorable body makes it my imperative duty to cause them
to be published in the Telegraph and Register of San Felipe de Austin,
and in the Texian and Emigrant’s Guide in Nacogdoches, it will be
difficult for me to perform my duty in relation thereto, unless I am put
in possession of the public archives, now in the possession of my pre-
decessor, and by him pertinaciously withheld through the instrumen-
tality of his late Secretary.
With sentiments, &c.,
JAMES W. ROBINSON.
On motion, the Council adjourned to three o’clock, p. m.
(79';)