250
Proceedings of the General Council.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
January 17th, 1836. j
nine o’clock, a. M.
The House met pursuant to adjournment.
The journal of yesterday’s proceedings were read.
Edward B. Wood, secretary pro tem. to the Executive, appeared and
was sworn into office.
Mr. Clements, from the committee on land and Indian affairs, to
whom was referred Lieut. Colonel Neill's letter recommending a treaty
with the Comanche Indians, made the following report accompanied
■ by the annexed resolutions. They were read and the report adopted,
and the resolutions passed, as follows, viz.:
To the Honorable, the President and General Council of the Pro-
visional Government of Texas:
Your committee on land and Indian affairs, to whom was referred
Lieut. Colonel J. C. Neill's letter of the eighth inst. recommending the
necessity and importance of immediately appointing commissioners to
treat with the Comanche Indians, respectfully report,
That they have had the same under consideration, and your commit-
tee are opinion, that commissioners should be appointed, forthwith, for
that purpose. To secure the friendship of the Comanche Indians, we
deem it of the utmost importance to the interest and safety of our citi-
zens; and more especially to those residing on the frontier. In accord-
ance with these views, your committee recommend the adoption of the
following resolutions:
Resolved, by the General Council of the Provisional Government of
Texas, that five commissioners be appointed to make and enter into a
treaty of amity and commerce, on the part of this government with the
Comanche Indians. Provided; nevertheless, said treaty when so made
and entered into, shall be subject to the examination of the Government
of Texas, either to be ratified or rejected by this Government or that
which may succeed it.
Be it further resolved, &c. that said commissioners be and are hereby
required to repair immediately to the city of Bexar, for the purpose of
meeting and treating with the said Indians on the most favorable terms,
in order to secure their friendship and at the same time not sacrifice the
interests of Texas, or curtail the rights and privileges of her citizens.
Be it further resolved, &c. that the sum of five hundred dollars be
and is hereby appropriated for the expenses of said treaty, and to carry
the same into effect; and that John W. Smith or the collector of public
dues for the department of Bexar, or either of them, be and is hereby
authorized and fully empowered to collect the aforesaid sum of five
hundred dollars from any person or persons indebted to this Govern-
ment, or from any person or persons having in their charge or posses-
sion any money or monies belonging, in any manner to this Govern-
ment, to deliver and pay over said sum of money, when so collected to
the commissioners contemplated by these resolutions, taking duplicate
receipts from said commissioners for the same, one to be retained by him-
self, and the other to be forwarded to the treasurer of Texas, and also
to report the same to the acting Governor and Council.
(798)