Proceedings of the General Council.
251
Be it further resolved, &c., that the acting Governor of Texas, James
W. Robinson, be and is hereby required and instructed to commission
or otherwise appoint the commissioners, who are to carry into effect
the treaty contemplated by these resolutions, upon receiving a report of
their election by the General Council; and to give said commissioners
such instructions as he may deem expedient, in order to effect the object
set forth in the foregoing resolutions, and provided the same shall not
be incompatible with the objects herein set forth; and that his Excel-
lency, the Governor, be further required to notify said commissioners of
their appointment and order them to proceed directly to the city of
Bexar to make and enter into said treaty as herein prescribed and set
forth.
Be it further resolved, &c., that a certified copy of the foregoing report
and resolutions be furnished the Governor, immediately upon their pas-
sage, to be forwarded to said commissioners by the Secretary of the Gen-
eral Council.
JOHN D. CLEMENTS,
Chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs.
E. W. CULLEN,
Secretary to Military and Indian Committees.
On motion of Mr. Clements, the House proceeded to the election of
five commissioners to hold, said treaty, contemplated in the above reso-
lutions, when Edward Burleson, J. C. Neill, John W. Smith, Francisco
Ruiz and Byrd Lockhart were duly elected.
Mr. Barrett presented the following resolution, which was read and
adopted.
Resolved, that a committee of five be appointed in event of there not
being a quorum of the members of the general Council present to pro-
vide expresses for the acting Governor, James W. Robinson, to send for
absent members of the General Council and to aid and council the Ex-
ecutive aforesaid in giving advice and instructions to the foreign agents
of this Government, to assist in making and carrying into effect the In-
dian treaties, and to aid, advise and' assist in all other matters connected
with the Executive Department, in which the General Council would
be required to aid, instruct, advise and assist in any manner or form
whatever, wherein the General Council should act co-operatively with
the Executive,
And on motion, Messrs. Barrett, Clements, Thompson, Patillo and
Collard were appointed that committee.
Mr. Barrett also presented the following resolution for a finance com-
mittee, which was read and adopted:
Resolved, that a committee of finance shall be appointed to consist
of three, when there is not a quorum of members of the General Council
present who shall be and are hereby authorized to pass and allow ac-
counts or claims against the Government, under the same rules and re-
strictions the General Council has heretofore done; and they shall be
and are hereby vested with the same equitable power that now rests in
the General Council, and shall have the power to draw for contingent
expenses and to do all other acts as fully and completely connected with
the object of their appointment, as the General Council has heretofore
(799)