Proceedings of the General Council.
253
Eesolved, by the General Council of the Provisional Government of
Texas, that E. E. Eoyall be and he is hereby appointed an agent to take
charge of and secure the wreck of the schooner San Felipe and whatever
belongs to her now lying on the beach in or near Passo Cabello, and re-
port to this Government of the situation and the best disposition that
could be made of her.
Mr. Stewart, late Executive secretary, appeared and by leave stated
to the House that he had certain documents belonging to the Council
which were held subject to the Council’s order.
On motion it was resolved that the secretary of this body wait on
Mr. Stewart and receive the documents referred to.
The secretary had leave of absence for that purpose, and after retiring
for a few moments returned and presented the documents to the House.
The President submitted a communication from the auditor recom-
mending John Belden to the House for relief; which was read and
referred to the committee of finance.
On motion of Mr. Barrett, Mr. Thompson was appointed a committee
to wait on the printer of the Telegraph and learn from him on what
terms the papers have been heretofore printed and distributed for the
Government.
On motion, the House proceeded to elect a marshal for Texas; when
John H. Money was duly elected marshal of Texas.
The Executive Secretary presented the following message from the
acting Governor:
To the Honorable, the President, and Members of the Legislative
Council:
Gentlemen:—
I am officially informed of the resignation of the Hon. George Ewing,
of the office of Judge in the first instance in and for the municipality of
Austin, and.I recommend the immediate election of suitable persons to
fill the important offices of first and second judge in this ancient and
respectable municipality.
I have this day approved and signed an ordinance and decree creating
the office of marshal of Texas and defining his duties. A resolution ap-
pointing a committee of Finance and defining their duties. A resolu-
tion giving certain powers to the acting Governor, in the event of there
not being a quorum of the Council present. A resolution for appointing
an advisory committee of the Council and for other purposes. And a
resolution requiring the late Governor, Henry Smith, to deliver up the
papers, records, &e., of the Executive department, and for other pur-
poses.
JAMES W. ROBINSON.
On motion the House adjourned till nine o’clock to-morrow morning.
51—VOL. 1.
(801)