260
Proceedings of the General Council.
ber of this body since its first organization, and whose long confinement
to the arduous duties which have devolved upon him, has greatly im-
paired his health. We assure him that his talents and services are prop-
erly appreciated by the members who have been associated with him, as
we trust, they will be by the people generally. We feel sensibly that this
absence from our councils will leave a void that cannot well be supplied,
but in his present state of health we cannot urge him to remain in part-
ing from us he has individually our best wishes for his welfare and
speedy restoration to health.
Eesolved, that a copy of the foregoing be signed by the President and
secretary and furnished to Mr.'Barrett.
Mr. Bartlett Lewis presented himself and took the oath of office pre-
scribed by the organic law, and was admitted a member of the Council
from Mercer.
Mr. Lewis presented several communications respecting remitting
duties, &c., which were ordered to be placed on file until a quorum of
the Council assemble.
On motion, the Council adjourned till nine o’clock, to-morrow morn-
ing.
Council Hall, San Felipe de Austin, )
February 16th, 1836.	§
Nine o’clock, a. m.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
Mr. Clements presented the following resolution which was read and
adopted:
Eesolved, That the Council adjourn to meet at the town of Washing-
ton on the twenty-second day of this month, and .that the acting Gov-
ernor and other officers connected with the Provisional Government be
notified of the fact and requested to remove their offices to that place.
On motion, the Council adjourned accordingly, to meet the 22d inst.,
at nine o’clock in the morning.
Council Hall, Washington, )
February 22d, 1836.	5
NINE O’CLOCK, A. M.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
A quorum not being present, adjourned till nine o’clock to-morrow
morning.
Council Hall, Washington, )
February 23d, 1836. J
Nine o’clock, a. m.
The Council met pursuant to adjournment.
A quorum not being present, adjourned till nine o’clock to-morrow
morning.
( 808 )