346
Colonization Law of the State of Tamaulipas.
ras shall be called a sitio, and this shall be the unit for enumerating one,
two or more sitios, in the same manner as the unit for counting one, two
or more ■ labores shall be a superficies of a million square varas, or a
thousand varas on each side, which shall compose a labor. The vara for
these dimensions shall consist of three geometrical feet.
Abt. 15. That unit taken as a standard, and observing the distinction
to be made on the distribution of lands, between grazing lands, or those
suitable for raising stock, and irrigable and temporal tillage land, this law
grants to the contractor or contractors of new towns for every hundred
families they introduce and establish in the state five sitios of grazing
land and five labores, of which one-half at least shall be temporal land;
but they shall receive only in the ratio of eight hundred families, al-
though they shall introduce more, and no fraction not completing a hun-
dred shall entitle them to a premium, not even proportionally. Should
the northern frontier be settled, fifty families shall suffice for enjoying
the benefit of this article.
Abt. 16. To each family of those comprised in this contract, whose
occupation is that of cultivating the soil, one labor shall be granted;
should the family raise stock, grazing shall be added to complete a super-
ficies of twenty-four million varas.
Abt. 17. Foreigners shall have the same assignment after marrying, and
foreigners marrying natives of the country shall have one-fourth more,
and those who are entirely alone, or who do not form a part of any fam-
ily, whether foreigners or natives, contenting themselves with one-fourth
of said assignment, the sole portion that can be granted them, which shall
be completed to them when their assignment is made.
Abt. 18. Families and unmarried men, who having emigrated sep-
arately and at their own expense, should wish to annex themselves to any
of the new settlements, may do so at any time, and their assignment of
land shall be respectfully the same as mentioned in the two foregoing ar-
ticles; but should they accomplish it within the first two years from the
establishment of the settlement, one labor more shall be granted to
families; and unmarried men, instead of one-fourth as pointed out in arti-
cle 17th, shall have one-third. Men unmarried, and with a family shall
be considered in the light of families.
Abt. 19. For the project of new towns, which one or more for-
eigners offer to settle with families from one hundred upwards, or from
fifty, should they have to settle on the northern frontier, the vacant and
deserted lands of the state, proposition shall be made to congress by the
executive, in order with his report to accord the contracts.
Abt. 30. Adjudication and possession to new foreign settlers shall be
subject to the following rules:—
First,—All deserted lands to which at the expiration of fifty days from
the designation thereof for settling, the supposed owners do not appear
to prove their right, shall be considered as open for colonization.
(456 )