Colonization Law of the State of Tamaulipas.
347
Second,—That, which, having been adjudicated by this law, should be
abandoned for five years, and no successor appearing within said term
claiming a right to the same.
Third,—That, which, having been disputed in adverse trial with re-
gard to the ownership thereof, are found to be voluntarily abandoned by
the parties for three years; or where the parties have withdrawn from the
trial, without the formation of a determinate judgement deciding the
right of either, provided, that the time specified by law for the trial to
be considered as abandoned, shall expire.
Fourth,—The boundaries that are. established shall be clearly and dis-
tinctly pointed out, expressing the bearings, and specific landmarks,
under the responsibility of the judge of survey.
Fifth,—The standing waters the lands contain shall likewise be desig-
nated and adjudicated with the lands.
Sixth,—Until twelve years reckoned from the date of the publication
of this law, they cannot be alienated or transferred to the ownership of
any one not born in the republic, or who resides out of the state.
Art. 21. The children of foreigners not born in the republic, and
domiciliated therein, may inherit them by testament, or ab intestato. in
equal portions. The portion of him who removes to his country shall be
divided among those who remain in the state, and thus indefinitely. In
regard to this matter the right of inheritance by cross lineage shall not
be in force.
Art. 22. All adjudication and possession of lands designated for
settling shall be made with previous citation of the adjoining proprietors.
As little detriment as practicable shall be occasioned to those who do not
appear, of themselves or by attorney, and their complaints shall not be
heard.
Art. 23. The new settlers shall pay to the state as an acknowledg-
ment, thirty dollars for each sitio of grazing land, uncultivated, or wood-
land, that is adjudicated to them; and for those having the benefit of
running water an estimate shall be made by two competent persons,
chosen by the executive and the settler, setting out from the established
rule.
Art. 24. The Ayuntamientos, each in its limits, shall collect said funds
gratis by means of a commission from within or without their own body,
and shall pass them according as they are collected to the depositary or
treasurer that they may be of their funds or means, who shall give the
corresponding receipt; and without further interest than two and a half
per cent., that shall be paid him, he shall place them at the disposal
of the executive, giving him notice every month of the receipts
and remittances thereof, and of any negligence or deceit he may
notice in their collection. Of the management of the treasurer and that
of the commission, the officers themselves and commissioners shall
be responsible with their property; and moreover, the members of the
Ayuntamiento who choose them, and that this responsibility may at
(457 )