Laws of the Republic of Texas.
7
holding elections in their several counties. And it shall be the
duty of the chief justices of the counties to issue writs of election
to the several precincts established, appointing a presiding officer in
each to hold the election, stating specifically in the writs the officer
or officers to be elected, and the day on which the election shall
take place.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That each presiding officer shall
appoint three judges of the election and two clerks, who shall be
sworn, before entering upon the duties of their offices, to conduct
the election without partiality or prejudice, and agreeably to law:
and in the event that the judges and clerks thus appointed shall
fail to attend, or refuse to act, then it shall be lawful for the voters,
at the house of opening the polls to appoint judges and clerks to
supply such vacancies: and if there be no justice of the peace pres-
ent, the presiding officer shall swear the other managers, and one of
them shall administer the oath to him, which shall be as legal as if
done by a judicial officer.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That each of the clerks shall write
the name of each voter at the time of his voting, making two lists
of the names of the electors, one of which shall be delivered to the
chief justice of the county, with the returns of the election, to be
kept as a record, and the other to be retained by the presiding offi-
cer of the election..
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That the polls shall be kept open
from nine o’clock to twelve in the forenoon, and from one to five in
the afternoon, the presiding officer making proclamation at the
door of the house at the time of opening and closing the polls.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That immediately after closing
the polls, the officers of the election shall proceed to count the
votes and make out a complete return, which shall be sealed up and
delivered to the chief justice of the county by the presiding officer
or one of the judges of the election upon oath: a duplicate of which
return shall be kept by the presiding officer.
Sec. 6. Be it further enacted, That the chief justice shall
give at least ten days’ notice (except in cases of vacancy, when
immediate notices shall be given to the different precincts, upon
the receipt of the president’s proclamation for filling said va-
cancy,) of every election, by an advertisement published in a
newspaper, if any be printed in the county: or if there be no pa-
per published in the county, then by an advertisement in manu-
( 1349 )