Laws of the Republic of Texas.
19
on defaulters as they may think necessary, in which they shall he
governed generally by the law of the land.
Sec. 8. Be it further enacted, That the board of aidermen shall
have power to levy a tax on all persons and property, both real
and personal in said town: Provided, however, that the tax on real
property, shall not in any one year exceed twelve per cent. ad va-
lorem, on such property, and no tax shall be levied on real estate
unless by consent of two thirds of the aidermen present, and it
shall be levied at the beginning of each year, and be assessed and
collected by an officer to be appointed by the board in the same
manner as the state tax is collected: and the board shall also have
power to levy a tax on all taverns, tippling houses, and billiard
tables in said town.
Sec. 9. Be it further enacted, That all the public property in.
said town, shall belong to said corporation, and the board of aider-
men may dispose of it in such manner as the best interest of said
town may require.
Sec. 10. Be it further enacted, That the board of aidermen
shall have power to constitute and appoint such officers with the
regulation of their compensation as may be considered necessary,
and the officers so appointed may be removed at the pleasure of
the board, and may be required to give bond with security to the
mayor in such penalty as may be deemed requisite, and shall per-
form such duties as may be enjoined upon them, and shall be lia-
ble for such fines for neglect of duty as may be imposed on them.
Sec. 11. Be it further enacted, That all offences against the
bye-laws be prosecuted before the mayor in a summary manner,
and execution may issue returnable forthwith, and the constable
shall execute all writs directed to him by the mayor.
Sec. 12. Be it further enacted, That if the office of alderman of
said town shall become vacant by death, resignation or removal
from the town, the board shall have power to appoint a successor;
and should the office of mayor become vacant from either of the
above mentioned causes or otherwise, the chief justice of the
county of Brazoria be, and he is hereby authorised to issue forth-
with a writ for a new election to be held on a day mentioned in
said writ, and if the election required to be held on the first Mon-
day in January of every year, shall not be held on that day, it
may be holden at any time, by giving five days notice, and all
elections for mayor and aldermen shall commence at ten o’clock
A. M., and close at 2 P. M.
Sec. 13. Be it further enacted, That the constable shall
86—vol. 1.
(1361 )