Laws of the Republic of Texas.
23
less by consent of two thirds of the aldermen present, and it shall
be levied at the beginning of each year, and be assessed and col-
lected by an officer appointed by the board, in the same manner
as the state tax is collected, and the board shall also have power
to levy a tax on all taverns, tippling houses and billiard tables in
said city.
Sec. 8. Be it further enacted, That all the public property in
said city shall belong to said corporation, and the board of aider-
men may dispose of it in such manner as the best interest of the
city may require.
Sec. 9. Be it further enacted, That the board of aidermen shall
have power to constitute and appoint such officers with the regu-
lation of their compensation as may be considered necessary, and
the officers so appointed may be removed at the pleasure of the
board, and may be required to give bond with security to the
mayor in such penalty, as may be deemed requisite, and shall per-
form such duties as may be enjoined upon them, and shall be lia-
ble to such fines for neglect of duty as may be imposed on them.
Sec. 10. Be it further enacted, That all offences against the
bye-laws be prosecuted before the mayor in a summary manner,
and execution may issue returnable forthwith, and the constable
shall execute all writs directed to him by the mayor.
Sec. 11. Be it further enacted, That if the office of aidermen
of said city shall become vacant by death, resignation or removal
from said city, the board shall have power to appoint a successor,
and should the office of mayor become vacant from either of the
above mentioned causes, or otherwise, the chief justice of the
county is hereby authorized to issue a writ for a new election, to
be held on a day mentioned in said writ, and if the election re-
quired to be held on the first Monday in January of each year,
shall not be held on that day it may be held at any time, by giving
five days notice, and all elections for mayor or aldermen shall com-
mence at ten o’clock A. M. and close at two P. M.
Sec. 12. Be it further enacted, .That the constable shall give
bond and security as other constables, shall be commissioned in
the same manner, shall have the same vower, and shall have the
same fees as the other constables.
Sec. 13. Be it further enacted, That the board of aidermen
shall make such compensation' to the mayor, and allow him such
fees as they may deem proper.
Sec. 14. Be it further enacted, That the town of San Pe-
(1365 )