32
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
time it should so happen, that an election of directors or of presi-
dent of said company should not be so made, as to take effect in
the way required by this act, the said company shall not from that
cause be deemed to be dissolved, but it shall be lawful at any other
time to hold said election, and the manner of holding the same
shall be regulated by the rules and ordinances of this company, and
until said election be made the directors and president of the said
company for the time being shall continue in office; and provided,
also that in case of death, resignation, absence from the republic,
non-acceptance or removal, the vacancies shall be supplied by the
board of directors.
Sec. 9. Be it further enacted, That no one shall be eligible to
the office of director,' who is not the bona fide owner of firm shares
of the capital stock’ of said company, and shall have held the same
at least one month previous to their election.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the corporation is
hereby invested with all the rights and powers necessary for the
accomplishment of the objects for which they are incorporated.
Sec. 11. Be it further enacted, That said company shall com-
mence opening the channel of said river and improving the naviga-
tion thereof within nine months, and complete the same sufficient
for the passage of steam boats or other crafts, at least fifty miles
up the said river, from the town of Matagorda, within four years
from the passage of this act, and in case of non-compliance with
this section, this charter shall be deemed forfeited; provided, how-
ever, that if an invasion of the country prevents said company from
progressing with the work, that so much- time as may be lost by
reason of said invasion shall be added to the time specified in this
section for the commencement and completion of the same.
Sec. 12. Be it further enacted, That after the said company
shall have finished said work as required in section eleven, that is,
rendered the Colorado river susceptible of navigation fifty miles
above the town of Matagorda, the company shall have the
power to levy, receive and collect such tolls upon all steam
boats or other craft, and upon all freight carried up or down said
river, as may be determined upon by said company; provided,
that no part of the capital of said company shall be em-
ployed for any other purpose or project, except for the removal
of obstructions in the river and the navigation of the same,
and for an attempt at such project the charter shall be forfeited;
(1374)