38
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That no person shall be a member
of said council nor be entitled to vote for any member thereof, who
is not either a householder or owner of real estate within the boun-
daries of said corporation, and who has not resided therein at least
six months previous to an election, and paid up his city taxes.
Sec. 6. Be it further enacted, That the mayor as president with
a majority of the council, shall constitute a quorum for the transac-
tion of business; they shall have power to enact and enforce such
ordinances and regulations as they may deem necessary for the bet-
ter government of their city and its precincts; Provided, the same
shall not conflict with the constitution and laws of the republic;
they shall also form bye-laws to regulate their own proceedings,
and shall have entire control in all that relates to the police of the
city, such as paving and cleaning the streets, regulating the mar-
kets, removing nuisances, and' procuring for the city a supply of
wholesome water; for these and such like purposes they are au-
thorised to levy equitable and. moderate taxes, on all fixed and
moveable property within their jurisdiction, and recover the
amount of the same by the most summary process: the poorest class
of citizens who may be exempt from direct taxation, shall be obliged
•to contribute by their manual labor towards all works of public
utility, the quantity of said labor to be equally apportioned and re-
ceived in lieu of pecuniary contribution or vice versa. The council
is authorized to inflict moderate fines for infractions or disobedi-
ence of its ordinances, and recover the same by summary proceed-
ings; Provided, that in all cases, either of unequal taxation, undue
demand for labor or excessive fines, the parties aggrieved shall have
the right to appeal to the county court.
Sec. 7. Be it further enacted, That the said council are also
authorized to grant licenses to persons retailing spirituous liquors,
to keepers of billiard tables and others; Provided, that no gaming
establishment, nor any other contrary to law shall be sanctioned or
covered by such licenses. .
Sec. 8. Be it further enacted, That the said council in conjunc-
tion with the justices of the county courts are hereby empowered
and authorised to sell and alienate such public lots or par-
. eels of land as may lie within their jurisdiction, and to
which there is no legal claimant or title, and also to dispose of
such houses or other buildings as may have formerly been the
property of the corporation of said city, and the council may
sue for and recover all debts, forfeitures, &c. accruing or due to
(1380 )