40
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
public, who shall be a resident citizen of the same at the time of
his election, which men when so elected shall form a board of medi-
cal censors for the republic, and may continue in office during good
behavour, whose duty it shall be to grant license to practice medi-
cine and surgery in this republic.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said board of medi-
cal censors shall meet annually at the seat of government on the
second Monday of November, then and there to transact the several
duties herein required of them, and the said board shall at their
first meeting, elect from their own body a president and a secretary,
who shall hold their office for a term of one year or until their suc-
cessor shall be duly qualified.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of
' said board of censors at their first meeting to adopt rules and regu-
lations for their government and to establish the method of taking
evidences of qualification, and granting licenses to applicants
therefor, to practice medicine and surgery any where in this re-
public upon satisfactory evidence of qualification being produced
to the board in such manner as the said board may hereafter adopt:
giving due weight to usual credentials, reputation established by
experience, and the test of examination under the direction of said
board.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That one third of said board
shall form a quorum to transact business, shall have power to fill
vacancies, and by a vote of two thirds of the members present may
expel a member.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all licenses to practice
medicine and surgery, or either, shall be signed by the president of
the board, and countersigned by the secretary thereof except the
temporary licenses: and for such licenses the applicant shall pay
the sum of twenty dollars, and any charge for medical services shall
not be recoverable in any court of law or equity in this republic,
after the first day of June next, unless the person rendering such
services were furnished at the time with a license in manner as
herein prescribed for and required.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That to prevent delay and
inconvenience a single member of the board of 'medical cen-
sors may grant temporary licenses to applicants therefor, and
make report thereof to the next meeting of the said board for
confirmation, or further evidence of qualification to be given by
the applicant: Provided, that a temporary license shall not con-
tinue in force longer than one month after the next meeting of
(1382 )