46
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
notes of the several denominations of one, two, and three dollars
to an amount not exceeding ten thousand dollars, signed by his
chief clerk, redeemable by himself on presentation in the promis-
sory notes of the government, authorized by an act passed June 9,
1837.
Sec. 2. Be it further resolved. That the said treasurer shall be
required to reserve, in the treasury at all times, an amount of
promissory notes equal to the issue of said change notes, for the
redemption.
JOSEPH ROWE,
Speaker of the house of representatives.
MIRABEAU B. LAMAR,
President of the senate.
Approved, Dec. 14, 1837.
SAM. HOUSTON.
AN ACT
To clear out the rivers Attoyac, Angelina and Neches.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted, by the senate and house of representa-
tives of the republic of Texas, in congress assembled, That for the
purpose of clearing out and improving the navigation of the rivers
Attoyac, Angelina and Neches, the county courts of the several
counties contiguous to and adjoining the said rivers, are hereby au-
thorized and directed to appoint three commissioners from each of
said counties, whose duty it shall be to examine said streams, and
to make a minute of the expenses necessary to open the same, to
remove all the obstructions to the navigation thereof, and to report
the same to the county courts of their respective counties, as early
as may be practicable.
SEC. 2. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of each
of the said county courts on the receipt of the report of the com-
missioners to make an estimate and valuation of the lands border-
ing on the said rivers, and that they be authorized to assess and
collect from the proprietors of such lands a tax not to exceed two
cents per acre, which tax shall be collected in the same manner, and
under the same penalties as are prescribed for the collection of the
general tax on lands.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of the
several commissioners to be appointed by the county courts afore-
(1388 )