56
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
AN ACT
Creating the county of Robertson.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted, by the senate and house of representatives
of the republic of Texas, in congress assembled, That all that sec-
tion of country lying and situated in the following boundaries be,
and the same is hereby set apart and constituted a new county, to
be known and called by the name of “Robertson,” viz: the line
beginning on the Brazos river, at the county line of the county of
Washington, and running on that line easterly to the Trinity river:
thence up that river to the northern edge of the Cross Timbers;
thence due west to the Brazos river; thence down that river to the
beginning point.
Sec. 2.. Be it further enacted, That the said county of Robert-
son shall be organized in conformity with an act, entitled “an act,
to organize the inferior courts, and defining the powers and juris-
diction of the same;” and it shall be the duty of the chief justice
of the county of Robertson forthwith after his qualification, to give
at least ten days public notice in such places in the said county as
he may deem necessary, to hold an election for the seat of justice
for said county, in which election all persons qualified to vote for
members of the general congress, and residing within said county,
shall be entitled to a vote.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That the said county of Robertson
shall be attached to the senatorial district of Milam, and be en-
titled to one representative in congress, and that the county courts
for the said county of Robertson, shall commence and be holden on
the third Mondays of February, May, August and November in
each and every year; and that the said county shall belong to the
third judicial district, and a district court shall commence and be
holden at the county seat of said county, on the Monday next suc-
ceeding the fourth Mondays of the months of April and October in
each and every year.
JOSEPH ROWE,
Speaker of the house of representatives.
S. H. EVERITT,
President pro tem. of the senate.
Approved, Dec. 14, 1837.
. SAM. HOUSTON.
(1398 )