62
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
AN ACT
Entitled “an act to reduce into , one act, and to amend the several
acts relating to the establishment of a General Land Office.”
Sec. 1. Be it enacted, by the senate and house of representa-
tives of the republic of Texas, in congress assembled, That there
shall be, and is hereby established a General Land Office for the
Republic of Texas, to be located at the seat of government, or at
such place as may hereafter be designated by law, the chief officer
of which shall be called the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, which said officer shall be appointed by the president by
and with the advice and consent of the senate, shall enter into bond
with three or more securities, payable to the president or his suc-
cessors in office, in the penalty of fifty thousand dollars, condi-
tioned for the faithful performance of the duties of his office; said
bond and securities to be approved by the president and senate,
which bond shall be filed in the office of the secretary of state, and
shall hold his office for'the term of three years. Provided, the pro-
visions of this section shall not affect the present incumbent of that
office, except so far as relates to his giving bond and security, and
holding his office for three years from the date of his appointment;
and the said commissioner of the general land office shall receive
a salary of three thousand dollars per annum, payable quarterly.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted. That the commissioner of the
general land office be, and he is hereby authorized to appoint a
chief clerk, which said clerk shall receive a salary of sixteen hun-
dred dollars per annum, and two assistant clerks, who shall re-
ceived, as a salary, twelve hundred dollars each per annum, paya-
ble quarterly.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That the said chief clerk
shall enter into bond with three or more - securities, to be ap-
proved by the commissioner of the general land office, in the
sum of twenty thousand dollars, payable to the president or his
successors in office, conditioned for the faithful performance of
the duties of his office, (which bond shall be deposited in the
office of the secretary of state,) who, in case of the absence of the
commissioner of the general land office, or his inability to at-
(1404)