Laws of the Republic of Texas.
69
six disinterested jurors summoned for that purpose, and upon their
decision the surveyor shall grant to the successful party the field
notes of the tract of land, given in all cases the preference to the
oldest occupant and settler. Provided, in all cases, that the claim-
ant shall apply for such certificate in the county in which he, or
she may reside at the date of the passage of this act; and provided
that persons claiming land by inheritance or assignment shall apply
for such certificate in the county where the testator died, or where
the assignor lived at the time of making such transfer.
Sec. 18. Be it. further enacted, That when two or more per-
sons cannot agree to a division line of any land, which has never
been surveyed agreeably to law, it shall be lawful for either party
to apply to any justice of the county or territory in which the land
lies, or if their be no justice of the peace in the county or territory,
then to the nearest justice in any county or territory, and make
oath that he has tried and has not been able to settle the dispute
between himself and one or more other persons, (naming them,)
concerning a division line, and the said justice shall issue a war-
rant to any lawful officer to summons the party or parties defend-
ant, together with six disinterested jurors, to meet upon the prem-
ises in dispute, together with such witnesses as either party may
choose to have summoned, to give evidence on a certain day, nam-
ing at what time and place. The justice shall also meet the par-
ties, examine all the testimony before the jury, who shall on oath,
hear and determine to case in dispute, and shall also determine who
shall pay the cost of suit.—Each juror in such case shall be allowed
two dollars per day for such services; the other officers, such fees
as have been already established by law for other similar services.
Provided, that if the land in dispute shall be on a county line, it
shall be lawful for a justice of either county in which part of the
land may be, to act in such case, and in case either party be dis-
satisfied with the decision, they shall have the right to appeal to
the district court within ten days, upon giving bond security for
the costs.
Sec. 19. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of
the surveyor in all cases, before he runs a division line between
two settlers claiming lands, to notify the party or parties inter-
ested, before running the same, in writing. And any survey
which may be made contrary to the true intent and meaning of
this section of this act, shall not be a lawful one, and the
field notes of every survey which shall be returned to any land
(1411 )