70
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
office hereafter for the purpose of getting a title for the same,
shall be under oath of the surveyor, who shall swear it was exe-
cuted according to law, and shall also swear the same was made
prior to the closing of the land office by the consultation, or sub-
sequent to the opening of the same by this act, and if made prior
to the closing of the land office by the consultation, the same shall
also be proven by at least two respectable witnesses.
Sec. 20. Be it further enacted, That the commissioner of the
general land office is hereby authorized to grant, to all persons
holding an order of survey legally obtained previous to the closing
of the land offices in one thousand eight hundred and thirty-five,
and having a survey which was made agreeably to said order, and
in conformity to law in all respects, a patent for the same, upon the
• holder presenting the certificate of some board of land commis-
sioners, that he is entitled to the quantity of land surveyed, and
making such proof to them as is required by law, and upon his
paying the several fees as the laws require.
Sec. 21. Be it further enacted, That all lands surveyed for in-
dividuals lying on navigable water courses, shall front one half
of the square on the water course, and the line running at right
angles with the general course of the stream, if circumstances of
lines previously surveyed under the laws will permit, and all others
not on navigable water courses shall be square if previous lines will
permit; and under no circumstances shall any one grant be located
in more than two surveys.
Sec. 22. Be it further enacted, That each and every individual
under the age of seventeen, who have volunteered in the service
of their country, and who have received honorable discharges, shall
be entitled to the same quantity of land as a head right, that they
would be though they were twenty- one years of age, and upon the
same conditions.
Sec. 23. Be it further enacted, That all single men who were
in the republic at the date of the declaration of Independence, and
entitled under the constitution to one-third of a league of land,
and who have since married, or may marry within the next twelve
months, shall be entitled to the additional quantity of two-thirds
of a league and a labor of land. Provided, that the benefits of this
section shall only extend to those who have contributed to the sup-
port and defence of their country: and provided, this additional
quantity shall not be allowed to any whose wife has received a
league of land of this government.
(1412)