Laws of the Republic of Texas.
73
entitled to, if their families had emigrated with them to the
country.
Sec. 31. Be it further enacted, That the board of land commis-
sioners are hereby authorized to grant to persons claiming lands
of this government under the 29th section of this act, a certificate
of their claims, upon the same proof being made to them as is
required of other claimants, stating in said certificate, the amount
of land to which the claimant is by lave entitled; at what time he
or she arrived in this republic.
Sec. 32. Be it further enacted, That the commissioner of the
general land office, shall when required by the president of the
republic or either house of congress make a plat of any land sur-
veyed under the authority of the government, and give such in-
formation respecting the public lands and concerning the business
of his office, as shall be legally required.
Sec. 33. Be it further enacted, That the commissioner of the
general land office shall be, and he is hereby authorized to ap-
point a translator, who shall undergo an examination as to his
qualifications, and shall understand the Castillian and English
languages, and shall before he enters upon the duties of his office,
take and subscribe the oath of office herein prescribed, shall give
bond with two or more good and sufficient securities in the sum of
ten thousand dollars, to be approved of by the secretary of state,
and shall be payable to the president or his successors in office,
conditioned for the faithful performance of his duties, and said
translator shall hold his office for the term of three years and shall
be allowed a salary of two thousand dollars per annum payable
quarterly.
Sec. 34. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of
said translator, to translate into the English language, and record
in a book to be kept by him for that purpose, all the laws and pub-
lic contracts relative to the titles of land which are written in the
Castillian language, and also to translate and record in like man- .
ner, all original titles which are written in the Castillian language,
which may be on file in the office of the commissioner- of the gen-
eral land office.
Sec. 35. Be it further enacted, That should a vacancy
occur during the recess of congress, by death, resignation or
otherwise, of any member of either of the boards of land com-
misioners, or of the clerk of either of the boards, or of
any county surveyor, it shall be the duty of the board of land
commissioners, to notify such vacancy to the commissioner of the
general land office, forthwith, and to recommend some person
(1415)