Laws of the Republic of Texas.
77
and Edwin Belden, together with their successors and assigns, he
and are hereby constituted a body politic and corporate under the
name and style of “The Texas Steam Mill Company,” with power
to sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, answered and be an-
swered unto, appear and prosecute to final judgment in any court
or elsewhere, to have a common seal, and the .same to alter at
pleasure, to elect in such manner as they shall determine, all neces-
sary officers and to fix their compensations, and define their duties,
to ordain and establish bye-laws for the government and regula-
tion of their affairs, and the same to alter and repeal: and to em-
ploy all such agents, mechanics and other laborers as they shall
think proper.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That the object of the said com-
pany shall be to operate by steam power or otherwise in Texas
a saw mill, a grist mill, a planeing mill, a lathe and shingle mill,
and any machinery necessary in carrying on such other manufac-
turing or mechanical business as they shall determine to prosecute:
also to prepare materials and erect public and private buildings,
stores and offices upon contract.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That the capital stock of said
company shall be thirty thousand dollars, actually paid in with the
privilege of increasing the same to fifty thousand dollars: Pro-
vided, however, that no additional stock shall be created during the
first year of the company’s operations.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That said company under their
corporate name shall have power to purchase, take, hold, occupy
and enjoy to them and their successors, all such lands, tenements
and hereditaments, and all such goods, chattels, and effects of every
kind as shall be necessary for the purposes of said company.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That the stock, property, affairs
and business of this company, shall be under the care of, and shall
be managed by not less than three directors, who shall be chosen
annually by the stockholders, at such times and place as shall be
provided by the bye-laws of said company, and who shall be stock-
holders, and shall hold their offices for one year, and until others
shall be chosen in their stead.
Sec. 6. Be it further enacted, That the directors of this
company shall choose one of their numbers to, be president,
they shall also choose a secretary and treasurer of said company,
and such other officers as the bye-laws of the company shall pre-
scribe. They may call in future subscriptions to the capital
stock of said company by instalments, in such proportions and
(1419 )