Laws of the Republic of Texas.
83
business of the said corporation as in their discretion they shall
deem safe and proper, and of the amounts so declared to be di-
vided as the profits of the said corporation they shall reserve for
the use of the county of Brazoria, to be applied to the improve-
ment of the entrance of the mouth of the river Brazos, one per
centum thereon, which shall be paid over to the treasurer of the
county of Brazoria.
Seo. 8. Be it further enacted, That the office of the company
incorporated by this act, shall be located in the town of Brazoria,
and so soon as the president and directors thereof shall establish
by evidence to the satisfaction of the justices of the county court
for the county of Brazoria, that ten per centum. of the capital of
said corporation has been paid by the stockholders to the actuary
or secretary thereof, and that the balance or residue of the capital
of two hundred thousand dollars has been secured to be paid when
called for in conformity with the provisions contained in section
second of this act, to the satisfaction of the president and directors...
thereof, and that the direction of said corporation has been organ-
ized in conformity with the provisions of section third of this act,
the aforesaid justices shall give to them a certificate thereof, which
shall be their warrant to commence business operations under the
authority vested by this act.
Sec. 9. Be it further enacted, That in case the increase of navi-
gation and commerce to from, and of the river Brazos shall at any
time in opinion of the president and directors of the said corpora-
tion require the employment of a greater capital than two hundred
thousand dollars, then and in that case, it shall be lawful for the
said president and directors, by and with the consent of a majority
of the stockholders of the said corporation to increase the capital
thereof, in such manner as they may deem expedient, to
such amount as they may deem requisite, not exceeding the
sum of five thousand dollars, on their paying into the treasury
of the county of Brazoria a bonus of five thousand dollars, which
bonus of five thousand dollars, shall together with all sums which
may accrue from the one percentum on the dividends of profits of
said company, appropriated by article seventh of this act, to that
object, be expended under the direction of a commissioner or con-
tractor, to be appointed by the president and directors of said cor-
poration, by and with the consent of the justices of the county
court for the county of Brazoria, in facilitating the entrance of the
mouth of the river Brazos by vessels, and in removing obstructions
therefrom.
90—vol. i.
( 1425)