Laws of the Republic of Texas.
95
ly full and clear to enable the supreme court to give its judgment,
then and in that case the said court shall remand the said cause
to the proper court in order that the facts may be fully and clear-
ly established and set forth, and in all cases of appeal, either from
the county court to the district courts, or from the district courts
to the supreme court, the party appealing shall have the right to
file the bonds required with the clerk of the court, to be approved
by said clerk at any time within six days after the close of the
terms. Provided, notice of the appeal be filed in court during the
continuance of the terms.—See sec. 9, sup. ct. act., and sec. 15
dis. ct. act.)
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That in addition to the powers
given to the district courts by the act establishing the powers and
jurisdiction thereof, approved December twenty-second, one thou-
sand eight hundred and thirty-six, the said district courts shall
have power to hear and determine all suits or actions arising be-
tween husband and wife for divorce or for a separate maintenance,
and may decree divorces as well from the bonds of matrimony as
from bed and board, or for a separate maintenance.—See 4th dist.
ct.)
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That a new trial shall be granted
in any case known to the laws of this republic for good cause shown;
but no more than one new trial shall be granted to either party in
the same cause.—(See sec. 19, diet. ct. act.)
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That no amendment shall be per-
mitted in any pleading or other proceedings in any cause after issue
joined, except upon such conditions as the court shall in its dis-
cretion determine.—(See sec. 20, dis. ct. act.)
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That at the first session of any dis-
trict court, and ever afterwards the grand and petit jurors shall be
drawn in open court.—(See sec. 31, dist. ct. act.)
Sec. 6. Be it further enacted, That the forty-sixth section of the
act establishing the powers and jurisdiction of the district courts
be, and the same is hereby repealed.
Sec. 7. Be it further enacted, That nothing contained in the
several acts establishing courts of justice, shall be so construed as
to take away the right of either party, to an action to propose in-
terrogations, to his adversary, to be answered on oath according
to the laws heretofore existing.—(See sec. 41, act established 9th
July last.)
Sec. 8. Be it further enacted, That the proviso in the twen-
ty-second section of the act punishing crimes and misdemean-
(1437)