96
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
ors, approved December 21st, 1836, be, and the same is hereby re-
pealed.
Sec. 9. Be it further enacted, That in all criminal trials where
the party accused shall not be convicted, or being convicted, shall
not be able to pay the costs of prosecution the said costs shall be
paid by the republic, and the certificates of the judges to a bill of
such costs, shall be a sufficient voucher for the auditor to audit and
allow the same; the provisions of this section, shall extend to all
such cases as have heretofore occurred.
JOSEPH ROWE,
Speaker of the house of representatives.
S. H. EVERITT,
President pro- tem. of the senate.
Approved, Dec. 18, 1837.
SAM. HOUSTON.
AN ACT
To provide for taking Testimony by Interrogatories.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted, by the senate and house of representatives
of. the republic of Texas, in congress assembled, That in all cases
either in the district or county courts where a witness resides with-
out the county where such suit may. be pending, it shall and may be
lawful for either party to file his or her interrogatories for such wit-
ness in the clerk’s office where the suit may be pending, and serve
the opposite, or his or her counsel of record with a true copy of
such interrogatories, together with a notice, that application will be
made to the clerk of said court for a commission to examine such
witness, and it shall and may be lawful for the opposite party, or
his or her attorney to file cross interrogatories to such witness.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That at the expiration of
five days from the service of such notice, with a copy of said in-
terrogatories it shall be the duty of the clerk to issue a commis-
sion directed to two or more persons, directing them to cause
the witness to come before them, and the answers to said inter-
rogatories and cross interrogatories shall be plainly and dis-
tinctly written, sworn to and subscribed by the witness and also
subscribed by the commissioners, who shall envelope the same,
( 1438 )