108
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
AN ACT
Granting lands to those who were in the battle of San Jacinto
and other battles.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted, by the senate and house of representatives
of the republic 'of Texas, in congress assembled, That all persons
who were actually engaged in the battle of San Jacinto on the
twenty-first day of April, eighteen hundred and thirty-six, and all
persons who were wounded on the twentieth of the same month,
so as to prevent them from participating in the battle on the twen-
ty-first day of April, eighteen hundred and thirty-six, and all per-
sons who were detailed by special order of the commanding general
to guard the baggage at the camp near Harrisburg, be, and they
are hereby entitled to six hundred and forty acres of bounty land,
on the following conditions, to wit: That each soldier claiming
land under the provisions of this act, shall produce a certificate to
the secretary of war, signed by the commandant of the company to
which said soldier belonged, and countersigned by at least one field
officer, accompanied by an affidavit by the person claiming land
under the provisions of this act, that his claim is just, true and orig-
inal, and that he has never presented a claim of a like nature for
liquidation.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the secretary of war be
authorized and required to issue a land warrant for six hundred and
forty acres of bounty land to all persons presenting a certificate
as is required in section first of this act.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the bounty warrants
and also the patents issued thereon shall state on the face thereof
for what said warrant or patent was granted.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the lands granted by
this act shall not be subject to sale or alienation, mortgage or execu-
tion during the lifetime of the person to whom such warrant or
patent shall be granted.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all commissioned offi-
cers coming under the provisions of this act, by producing a cer-
tificate signed by at least one superior officer, accompanied by an
affidavit as is required in the first section of this act, shall be en-
titled to the benefits of this law, on the same conditions as is re-
quired in the fourth section of this act.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That all persons who
(1450 )