Laws of the Republic of Texas.
29
fiscated to the public use, under the provisions and by authority of
any law or laws of this republic.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for
. said Erastus Smith, his heirs or assigns, to avail himself of - the ben-
efit of this act at as early a period as he may desire, from and after
said confiscated property shall be lawfully ascertained.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That in further considera-
tion of what is justly due to said Erastus Smith, his heirs or as-
signs for ever, he shall be, and is hereby granted one league and
one labor of public land, to be by him, his heirs or assigns, selected
' of any of the public domain of Texas,' so soon as the land offices
are opened for entry and location: provided, that no public prop-
erty, such as forts, court houses, calibooses, churches, public squares,
&c. shall be granted to said Erastus Smith.
IRA INGRAM,
Speaker of the house of representatives.
MIRABEAU B. LAMAR,
President of the senate.
Approved, Nov. 11, 1836.
SAM. HOUSTON.
JOINT RESOLUTION.
For sending a Minister to the United States of America.
Whereas, the good people of Texas, in accordance with a procla-
mation of his Excellency David G. Burnet, president ad interim
of the republic, did, on the first Monday of September last past,
at an election held for president, vice president, senators, and
representatives of congress, vote to be annexed to the United States
of America, with an unanimity unparalleled in the annals of the
elective franchise, only ninety-three of the whole population vot-
ing against it:
Be it therefore resolved by the senate and house of representa-
tives of the republic of Texas, in congress assembled, That the
president be, and he is hereby authorized and requested to des-
patch ■ forthwith to the government of the United States of Amer-
ica, a minister, vested with ample and plenary powers to enter
into negotiations and treaties with the United States govern-
ment for the recognition of the independence of Texas, and
for an immediate annexation to the United States; a measure
69—vol. 1.
( 1089 )