32
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
AN ACT
To authorise the President to negotiate a loan on the bonds of the
government not exceeding five millions of dollars.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the senate and house of representa-
tives of the republic of Texas, in congress assembled. That the pres-
ident of this republic be, and he is hereby fully authorised to issue
bonds of this republic, for the sum of one thousand dollars each,
not exceeding five millions of dollars; which bonds shall be signed
by the president and secretary of state, and countersigned by the
secretary of the treasury; shall be negotiable by simple endorse-
ment, and shall bear an interest on the face thereof, at a rate not
■exceeding ten per cent, per annum, to be paid to the holders there-
of at such times and place as may be stipulated in said bonds. Said
bonds to be prepared as soon as practicable under the direction of
the president, and made redeemable in thirty years from the day
of date.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That the president, by and with
the advice and consent of the senate, shall appoint two commis-
sioners into whose hands said bonds shall be delivered by the presi-
dent, who shall immediately proceed to the United States of Amer-
ica, for the purpose of negotiating said bonds; but if said commis-
sioners should not be able to negotiate the sale of said bonds in the
United States of America, then, in that case, they are authorised
and hereby required to proceed to Europe for the purpose of ef-
fecting said negotiations.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That in case of the death or
'resignation of said commissioners, or either of them during the
recess of congress, the president is hereby fully empowered to fill
■such vacancy, or vacancies, until the meeting of the next congress.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That said commissioners are
hereby required to correspond with the secretary of the treasury,
of this republic, informing him of the progress of their negotia-
tions; and that said commissioners be, and are hereby required to
pay over to said secretary of the treasury all monies which they
may receive from the sale of said bonds, or any portion thereof.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of
the secretary of the treasury to lay before each and every con-
gress, early in every session, a full statement of all such sale or
sales of said bonds, as may have been effected, showing the terms
and conditions of said sale or sales, the expenses accruing
( 1092 )