38
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
at the discretion of a court martial. No non-commissioned officer,
or soldier,. shall enlist himself in any other regiment, troop, or
company, without a regular discharge from the regiment, troop,
or company in which he last served, on the penalty of of being
reputed a deserter, and suffering accordingly; and in case any offi-
cer shall, knowingly, receive or entertain such non-commissioned
officer, or soldier, or who shall not, after his being discovered to be
a deserter, confine him, and give notice thereof to the corps in
which he has served, the said officer shall, by a court martial, be
cashiered.
ART. 17. Any officer, or soldier, who shall be convicted of hav-
ing advised or persuaded any other officer or soldier to desert the
service of the republic, shall suffer death, or such other punishment
as shall be inflicted upon him by the sentence of a court martial.
ART. 18. No. officer or soldier shall use any reproachful lan-
guage or gesture to another; if an officer, upon pain of being put
under arrest; if a soldier, confined; and shall ask pardon of the
party offended in the presence of the commanding officer.
Aet. 19. No officer or soldier shall send a challenge to. another
officer or soldier to fight a duel, or accept a challenge if sent, upon
pain, if a commissioned officer, of being cashiered; if a non-com-
missioned officer or soldier, of suffering corporeal punishment, at
the discretion of a court martial. '	,
Abt. 20. If any commissioned or non-commissioned officer of
a guard shall, knowingly or willingly, suffer any person whatever
to go forth to fight a duel, he shall be punished as a challenger;
and all seconds, promoters, and carriers of challenges, in order to
fight a duel, shall be deemed as principals, and punished according-
ly. And it shall be the duty of every officer commanding an army,
regiment, post, or detachment, who is knowing to a challenge be-
ing given to, or accepted by any officer, non-commissioned officer,
or soldier under his command, or has reason to believe the same to
be the case, immediately to bring to trial such offenders.
Abt. 21. All officers, of what condition soever, have
power to part and quell all quarrels, frays, and disorders, though
the person concerned shall belong to another regiment, -troop,
or company, and either to order officers into arrest, non-commis-
sioned officers and soldiers into confinement, until their proper
superior officers shall be acquainted therewith; and whoever
shall refuse to obey such officer, (though of inferior rank,) or
(1098 )