Laws of the Republic of Texas.
39
shall draw his sword upon him, shall be punished at the discretion
of a general court martial.
Art. 22. Any officer, or soldier, who shall upbraid another for
refusing a challenge, shall himself be punished as a challenger;
and all officers and soldiers are hereby discharged from any im-
putation of dishonor or disgrace, which might arise from their
having refused to accept of challenges, as they will only have acted
in obedience to the laws, and done their duties as good soldiers,
who subject themselves to discipline.'
Abt. 23. AU officers, commanding in the field, forts, barracks,
or garrisons of the republic, are hereby required to see that all the
■persons permitted to settle, shall supply the soldiers with good
and wholesome provisions, or other articles, at a reasonable price,
as they shall be answerable for their neglect.
Art. 24. No person commanding in any of the forts, garrisons,
or barracks of the republic, shall exact exorbitant prices for houses,
stalls let out to settlers, or connive at the like exactions in others,
or by his own authority, or for his private advantage, lay any duty
or imposition, or be interested in the sale of any victuals, liquors,
or other necessaries of life brought into the forts, garrisons, and
barracks, for the use of the soldiers, on the penalty of being dis-
charged from the service.
Art. 25. Every officer commanding in quarters, garrison, or
on the march, shall keep good order, and to the utmost of his abil-
ity, redress all abuses or disorders, which may be committed by any
officer or soldier under his command, if upon complaint made to
him, of officers or soldiers beating, or otherwise ill treating any
person; of disturbing fairs and markets, or of committing any kind
of riot, to the disquiet of the citizens of this republic, he, the said
commander, who shall refuse or omit to see justice done to the
'offender or offenders, and reparation made to the party or persons
injured, as far as part of the offender’s pay shall enable him or
them, shall, upon proof thereof, he cashiered,
ished as a general court martial shall direct.
Art. 26. When any commissioned officer
or otherwise pun-
or soldier shall
be accused of a capital crime, or of having used violence, or
committed any offence against the person or property of any
citizen of the republic, such as is punishable by the known laws
of the land, the commanding officer and officers of every regi-
ment, troop, or company, to which the person or persons so ac-
cused shall belong, are hereby required,' upon application duly
made, by or in behalf of the party or parties so injured, to use
their utmost endeavors to deliver over such accused person or
( 1099 )