40
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
persons to the civil magistrate, and likewise to be aiding and as-
sisting to the officers of justice, in apprehending and securing the
person or persons so accused, in order to bring him or them to
trial. If any commanding officer or officers, shall wilfully neg-
lect or refuse, upon the application aforesaid, to deliver over such
accused person or persons to the civil magistrates, or to be aiding
and assisting to the officers of justice, in apprehending such person
or persons, the officer or officers so offending, shall be cashiered.
Art. 27. If any officer shall think himself wronged by his colo-
nel, or the commanding officer, and shall, upon due application
being made to him, be refused redress, he may complain to the
general commanding in the division or brigade to which his regi-
ment is attached, in order to obtain justice; who is hereby re-
quired to examine into the said complaint, and to take proper
measures for redressing the wrongs complained of, and transmit
as soon as possible to the department of war a true statement of
said'complaint, with the proceedings had thereon.
Art. 28. If any inferior officer or soldier shall think himself
wronged by his captain or other officer, he is to complain thereof
to the commanding officer of the regiment, who is hereby required
to summon a regimental court martial for doing justice to the com-
plainant: from which regimental court martial either party may,
if he'thinks himself still aggrieved, appeal to a general court mar-
tial: but if, upon a second hearing, the appeal shall appear vex-
atious and groundless, the person so appealing shall be punished at
the discretion of the said court martial.
Art. 29. Any commissioned officer, store keeper, or commissary,
who shall be convicted, at a general court martial, of having sold,
without proper order for that purpose, embezzled, misapplied, or
wilfully or through neglect, suffer any of the. provisions, arms,
forage, clothing, or other military stores, belonging to the republic,
to be spoiled or damaged, shall at his own expense make good the
damages; and shall, moreover, forfeit all his pay and be dismissed
from the service.
Art. 30. Any non-commissioned officer or soldier, who shall
be convicted at a general court martial, of having sold, lost, or
spoiled, through neglect, his horse, arms, clothes or accoutrements,
shall undergo such weekly stoppages (not exceeding half of his pay,)
as such court martial shall judge sufficient for repairing the loss or
damage, and shall suffer confinement or such corporeal punishment
as his crime shall deserve.
Art. 31. Any non-commissioned officer or soldier who
(1100)