42
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
ART. 39. No soldier belonging to any regiment, troop, or com-
pany, shall hire another to do his duty for him, or be excused from
duty, but in case of sickness, disability, or leave of absence; and
every soldier found guilty of hiring his duty, as also the party so
hired to do another’s duty, shall be punished at the discretion of a
regimental court martial.
Art. 40. And every non-commissioned officer conniving at such
hiring of duty aforesaid shall be reduced; and every commissioned
officer knowing'and allowing such ill practices in the service, shall
be punished by the sentence of a general court martial. .
Art. 41. Any officer belonging to the service of the republic,
who, by firing of arms, drawing of swords, beating of drums, or
by any other means whatsoever, shall occasion false alarms in camp,
garrison, or quarters, shall suffer. death, or such other punishment
as shall be ordered by the sentence of a general court martial.
Art. 42. Any officer or soldier who shall, without urgent neces-
sity, or without the leave of his superior officers, quit his guard,
platoon, or division, shall be punished according to the nature of
his offence, by the sentence of a court martial.
Art. 43. No officer or soldier shall do violence to any person,
who brings provisions or other necessaries to the camp, garrison,
or quarters of the forces of the republic, employed in any part of
the republic, upon pain of death or such other punishment as a
court martial shall direct.
Art. 44. Any officer or soldier who shall misbehave himself
before the enemy, runaway, or shamefully abandon any fort, post,
or guard, which he or they may be commanded to defend, or speak
words inducing others to do the same, or shall cast away his arms
and ammunition, or who shall quit his post, or colors, to plunder
and pillage; every such offender, being duly convicted thereof, shall
suffer death, or such other punishment as shall be ordered by the
sentence of a general court martial.
Art. 45. Any person belonging to the armies of the republic,
who shall make known the watchword to any person who is not
entitled to receive it, according to the rules and discipline of war,
or shall presume to give a parole or watchword different from what
he received, shall suffer death, or such other punishment as shall
be ordered by the sentence of a general court martial.
Art. 46. All officers and soldiers are to behave them-
selves orderly in quarters and upon the march; and whoever
(1102)