Laws of the Republic of Texas.
43
shall commit any waste or spoil, either in walks of trees, parks,
warrens, fish ponds, houses and gardens, enclosures, cornfields, &c.,
or shall maliciously destroy any property whatsoever, belonging to
the public, unless by command of the commander-in-chief the arm-
ies of the said republic, shall (besides such penalties as they are
subject to by law) be punished according to the nature and degree
of the offence, by the judgment of a general or regimental court
martial.
Whosoever employed in the armies of the republic in foreign
parts, shall force a safeguard, shall suffer death.
ART. 47. Whosoever shall relieve the enemy with money, vic-
tuals, or ammunition, or who shall knowingly harbor or protect
an enemy, shall suffer death, or such other punishment as shall
be ordered by the sentence of a court martial.
Art. 48. Whosoever shall be convicted of holding a correspond-
ence with, or giving intelligence to the enemy, either directly or
indirectly, shall suffer death, or such other punishment as shall be
ordered by the sentence of a court martial.
Art. 49. All public stores taken in the enemy’s camp, towns,
ports, or magazines, whether of artillery, ammunition, clothing,
forage, or provisions, shall be secured for the service of the re-
public, for the neglect of which the commanding officer is to be
answerable.
Art. 50. If any commander of any garrison, fortress, or post,
shall be compelled, by the officers and soldiers under his command,
to give up to the enemy, or abandon it, the commissioned officers
or soldiers, who shall be convicted of having so offended, shall
suffer death, or such other punishment as shall be inflicted upon
them by the sentence of a court martial.
Art. 51. All suttlers and retainers to the camp, and persons
whatsoever, serving with the armies of the republic in the field,
though not enlisted soldiers, are to be subject to orders, according
to the rules and discipline of war.
Art. 52. Officers having commissions of a prior date to those
of the regiment in which they serve, may take place in courts mar-
tial and on detachments, when composed of different corps accord-
ing to the rank given them in their former commissions; but in the
regiment, troop, or company, to which such officers belong, they
shall do duty and take rank, both in courts martial, and on de-
tachments, which will be composed only of their own corps, accord-
ing to the commissions by which they are mustered in said com-
pany.
Art. 53. The functions of the engineers being generally.
(1103 )