Laws of the Republic of Texas.
45
when the troops consist of different corps, and in cases wherein
there is but one corps, and the commanding officer, not authorized
to order a regimental court martial, may assemble courts martial
to consist of three commissioned officers, and decide upon their
sentences.
Art. 59. No garrison or regimental court martial shall have
power to try capital cases or commissioned officers, neither shall
they inflict a fine exceeding one month’s pay, nor imprison nor put
to hard labor, any non-commissioned officer or soldier for a longer
time than one month.
Art. 60. The judge advocate, or some other person deputed by
him, or by the general, or officer commanding the army, detach-
ment, or garrison, shall prosecute in the name of the republic, but
shall so far consider himself as counsel for the prisoner, after the
said prisoner shall have made his plea, as to object to any leading
question, to any of the witnesses, or to the prisoner, the answer to
which might tend to criminate himself; and administer to each
member of the court, before they proceed to any trial, the following
oath, which shall also be taken by all members of the garrison and
regimental courts martial: “You
do solemnly swear that
you will well and truly try, and determine according to evidence,
the matter now before you, between the republic of Texas and
the prisoner to be tried, and that you will truly administer justice
according to an act establishing rules and articles for the govern-
ment of the armies of the republic of Texas, without favor, partial-
ity, or affection; and if any doubts shall arise, not explained by
said articles according to your conscience, the best of your under-
standing, and the custom of war in like cases: and vou do further
swear, that you will not divulge the sentence of the court martial,
until it shall be published by the proper authority; neither will
you discover or disclose the vote or the opinion of any particular
members of this court martial, unless required to give evidence
thereof, as a witness, by a court of justice, in due course of law,
so help you God.”
And so soon as the said oath shall have been administered
to the respective members, the president of the court shall ad-
minister to the judge advocate, or person officiating as such, an
oath in the following words: “You
do solemnlv
swear that you will not disclose or discover the vote or opinion
of any member of the court martial, unless required to give evi-
dence thereof as a witness by a court of justice, in the course of
law, nor divulge the sentence of the court, to any but the proper
70—VOL. 1.
(1105 )