Laws of the Republic of Texas.
49
Art. 83. In cases when the general or commanding officer
may order a court of inquiry to examine into the nature of any
transaction, accusation or imputation against any officer or soldier,
the said court shall consist of one or more officers not exceeding
three, and a judge advocate or other suitable person, as recorder, to
reduce the proceedings and evidence to writing, all of whom shall
be sworn to the faithful performance of their duty. This court
shall have the same power to summon witnesses for a court martial,
and to examine them on oath; but they shall not give their opinion
on the merits of the case, excepting they shall be thereto specially
required. The parties accused shall also be permitted to cross ex-
amine and interrogate the witnesses, so as to investigate fully the
circumstances in the question.
Art. 84. The proceedings of a court of inquiry must be authen-
ticated by the signatures of the recorder and the president, and de-
livered to the commanding officer; and the said proceedings may be
admitted as evidence by a court martial, in cases not capital, or ex-
tending to the dismission of an officer, provided that the circum-
stances are such that real testimony cannot be obtained. But as
courts of inquiry may be perverted to dishonorable purposes, and
may be considered as engines of destruction to military merit, in
the hands of weak and envious commandants, they are hereby pro-
hibited, unless directed by the president of the republic, or demand-
ed by the accused.
Art. 85. The judge advocate or recorder shall administer to the
members the following oath: “You shall well and truly examine
and enquire, according to your evidence, into the matter now before
you, without favour, partiality, affection, prejudice, or hope of re-
ward, so help you God."
Art. 86. After which the president shall administer to the judge
advocate or recorder the following oath: “You do solemnly swear
that you will, according to your best abilities, accurately and im-
partially record the proceedings and the evidence to be given in
the case in hearing, so help you God.” The witnesses shall take the
same oath as witnesses sworn before a court martial.
Art. 87. When any commissioned officer shall die, or be
killed in the service of the republic, the major of the regiment,
or the officer doing the major’s duty in his absence, or in post or
garrison, the second officer in command, or the assistant military
agent, shall immediately secure all his effects or equipage then
in camp or quarters, and shall make an inventory thereof, and
forthwith transmit the same to the officer of the department of
(1109)