Laws of the Republic of Texas.
59
.ants for each county; and that it shall be the duty of the captain
.and lieutenants so appointed, within thirty days after their recep-
tion of their commissions, and a copy of this act, to enrol all the
citizens subject to. militia duty within their counties, and to report
a list of their names to the adjutant general and the. president, ac-
companied with such remarks and suggestions in regard to the
proper boundaries of the different regiments, battalions, compa-
nies, &c., and such other remarks as they may think calculated to
promote the objects of this act; and that said. captains and lieuten-
ants, while so engaged in enrolling the citizens of their respective
counties, shall receive three dollars per diem; and in case of their
refusal to accept their commisisons, or perform the duties assigned
them, they shall incur the penalty of a fine of one hundred dollars
for each and every offence so committed.
Sec. 13. Be it further enacted, That an adjutant general shall
be appointed, with the rank of colonel, as other field officers; his
office -shall be kept at the seat of government. Aids-de-camp shall
be commissioned by the president; their duty shall be to carry and
execute the orders of the major or brigadier general to- whom they
are attached. The brigade inspector shall be commissioned by the
president. An adjutant and quartermaster shall be commissioned
by the president; it shall be their duty to obey the orders of the
commandants of regiments. The regimental surgeon and assistant
surgeon, the paymaster, the sergeants, drum and fife majors are
to conform to, and implicitly obey the orders they receive from
commandants of regiments. Judge advocates shall be appointed to
the several courts martial hereafter ordered by said court. It shall
be the duty of the judge advocate to take and keep safely a true
statement of all proceedings, whether pleas, evidence or defence
made before a court martial, a fair copy of which he shall make
out and deliver to the ■ president, or officer ordering such court
within twenty days after their adjournment, and to prosecute for
the government.
Sec. 14. Be it further enacted, That courts martial shall be
appointed for the trial of all offences arising from neglect of duty,
disobedience of orders, or disorderly and ungentlemanly behavior.
The president shall order general courts martial when he
may
side,
think necessary, where a major general shall pre-
and be composed of eight additional members,
of whom shall he brigadiers, and the other six field officers.
two
The
proceedings of this court shall be approved by the president,
C1119 )