Laws of the Republic of Texas.
65
and the clerk shall perform such service ex-officio, and shall also
sign a duplicate thereof, which shall be transmitted to the brig-,
adier general commanding the brigade, who shall cause the same to
be entered of' record by the brigade inspector. The monies col-
lected and funded with the regimental paymaster shall be subject
to orders drawn by the commandant of the regiment, for regi-
mental purposes, and to the orders of the major or brigadier gen-
eral for any purpose immediately affecting the interest of the regi-
ment or corps from whose paymaster the sum is drawn; all which
orders shall be regularly filed and preserved by the paymaster,
as vouchers in his annual settlement, for all and every duty herein
specified. The said paymaster shall receive and be entitled to ten
per cent, per annum, on all sums actually received and paid away.
It shall be the duty of the adjutant general to call for any returns
judged necessary by the president; and to furnish to each brigade
forms thereof: and in like manner every commandant of division,
brigade, or corps, are to be implicitly obeyed, when they may think
it necessary to call for returns of their respective commands.
Every division, brigade, and regiment shall be kept fully officered;
and rosters in each shall be prepared by the proper officer, by
which the detail of duty shall be regulated.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That the president for the
time being, when he deems it necessary, shall call forth into the
service of this republic, such a number of militia as he shall deem
expedient; a tour of duty shall be estimated at three months; and,
when employed in the service of the republic, no militia shall be
compelled to serve more than two tours without discharge. The
militia, when in service,' shall be governed by the articles of war,
and the rules and regulations adopted for the army of the re-
public, and receive the same pay and rations as said army. When-
ever a new regiment shall be, ordered by the president,
the field officers composing it shall meet and lay off the
district into bounds for the companies; but at no time
shall a company consist of less than thirty-two privates, and if at
any time a company shall be reduced to a less number, it shall
be incorporated with the adjoining companies, while such disa-
bilities exist. Every officer commissioned (under this law) by
president shall be implicitly obeyed as such, and shall continue
to hold his commission for the space of two years from the date
of his commission, unless he removes from the district in which
his command operates. All courts martial, and of assessment,
shall issue summons for witnesses, who shall attend; the process
(1125 )