66
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
may be served by any constable or sheriff, and if such witnesses
shall not attend, without a good excuse, he shall be fined. The
president or any field officer may subpoena witnesses previous to
the sitting of the court, and it is hereby directed that the several
courts possess competent powers to carry into execution the regula-
tions granted or analagous to their institution. In all courts mar-
tial, any person to be tried may make objections to any member or
members composing the said court (not exceeding three) per-
emptorily, and assign his reasons for objections to others; if they
are such as to evince their propriety, another or other members
shall be summoned; otherwise the court shall be deemed compe-
tent except the peremptory challenge. Parents and guardians shall
be accountable for fines of their children, wares, &c., who are under
twenty-one years of age: and it is hereby declared to every officer,
non-commissioned officer, musician, and private, that the duties
herein directed, are to be specifically and positively performed; and
that each and every delinquent, upon a failure therein, may be
charged with disobedience of orders, neglect of duty, or disorderly
and ungentlemanly behavior.
That courts martial at the discretion of those directed, or whose
duty it is to make inquiry, be ordered to sit on such charges; whose
duty it shall be to cashier, dismiss from service, reprimand, or ac-
quit those accused, and also to assess any fine herein imposed,
either in addition to, or abstracted from any other punishment.
The pay and reward, to. the commissioned and staff officers, for du-
ties arising under this act, shall be as follows:—
To the brigade inspector, for his services, to be certified by the
brigadiers general, and paid by warrants on the treasury, four dol-
lars per day. To every division judge advocate, to be paid by the
paymaster of the regiments composing the division, by order of
the major general, four dollars per day. To the brigade judge
advocate, to be paid by the paymaster of the regiment
composing the brigade, by order of the brigadier general,
two dollars per day. To the regimental judge advocate, to be
paid by the regimental paymaster, by order of the commandant,
two dollars per day. To the orderly sergeants attending any of
the above courts to be paid in the same manner as the judge ad-
vocates are, two dollars per day. To the adjutants of regiments,
to be paid by the regimental paymaster, by orders drawn by the
commandants of regiments, four dollars per day. To each drum,
and fife major, to be paid by the paymaster of the regiment, by
order of the commandant, four dollars per day. To all expresses
(1126 )