Laws of the Republic of Texas.
67
despatched on military service, to be paid by warrants on the treas-
ury, by certificate from a major general, brigadier general, or com-
mandants of regiments, four dollars per day. The fines implicated
under this act shall be, on every major general, who shall not per-
form the duty or duties required, shall pay a fine of two hundred and
fifty dollars. For failing to perform a tour of duty when called on, one
thousand dollars. Every brigadier general, for neglect of his duty,
shall pay, for not appointing the musters in the manner herein di-
rected, two hundred dollars; for failing to perform a tour of duty
when called on, seven hundred and fifty dollars; for failing to make
annual returns, one hundred dollars; for failing to review his bri-
gade, for each regiment, fifty dollars. Every commandant of a
regiment, for not appointing the mustering place of his regiment,
fifty dollars; for failing to perform a tour of duty when called on,
five hundred dollars; for not giving notice of musters, one hundred
and fifty dollars; for not attending a regimental muster, fifty dol-
lars; for not attending drill musters, per day, twenty-five dol-
lars; for not attending courts martial, twenty-five dollars. Every
commandant of battalion, for neglect of duty shall pay, for failing
to perform a tour of duty when called on, four hundred dollars;
for not giving notice of musters, one hundred dollars; for not at-
tending and exercising their battalions on their days of muster, fifty
dollars; for not making annual returns, twenty dollars; for not at-
tending courts martial, or assessment, twenty dollars; for not at-
tending drill musters, per day, fifteen dollars. Every commandant ■
of a company shall pay, for failing to enrol the militia within
his bounds, two hundred dollars; for failing to perform a tour of
duty when called on, three hundred dollars; for not giving due
notice of the musters, twenty-five dollars; for not classing his com-
pany for duty fifty dollars; for not attending and exercising
his company at the several musters, for each failure, twenty-five
dollars; for not making his annual returns, fifty dollars; for not
making a return of delinquents, fifty dollars; for not attending
court martial and assessment, twenty-five dollars. The adjutant
general shall pay, for every neglect of duty enjoined by law, the •
sum. of one hundred dollars. Aids de. camp shall be” fined for
any neglect of their duty, for each offence, one hundred dollars.
The regimental adjutant, quartermaster, surgeon, assistant sur-
geon, and paymaster, shall forfeit and pay, for every neglect of
duty assigned by law, twenty-five dollars. Each sergeant, drum,
and fife major shall pay, for not attending each muster, ten dol-
lars. Each sergeant shall pay, for not attending each muster,
(1127 )