80
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
in consequence of the decision of the supreme court, that some
matter of fact be ascertained, or damages he assessed by a jury,
or when the matter to be decreed is uncertain, in either of which
cases the suit, action, or prosecution, as the case may be, shall be
remanded to the court from which it was brought for a more defi-
nite decision.
Sec. 5. When a final judgment or decree shall be rendered
or pronounced in any case brought before the supreme court by
appeal or otherwise, it shall be the duty of the clerk of said court
to certify the final judgment or decree to the clerk of the court
from which such cause was brought, within twenty days after the
adjournment of the supreme court at which such final judgment
or decree was rendered or pronounced, together with a bill of all
costs which shall have accrued, and damages, if any assessed in the
said supreme court, and it shall be the duty of every clerk of the
court from which such cause was removed, on receiving such cer-
tificate, to issue executions on such final judgment for the purpose
of having it carried into effect, in the same manner as though it
had been rendered in the court below.
Sec. 6. The sentence of the supreme court in all criminal prose-
cutions brought before such court from any other courts, shall be
executed in like manner in all respects as if such sentence had been
rendered in the court wherein the prosecution originated, and the
sheriff of the proper county shall be charged with the execution
of such sentence.
Sec. 7. In all cases taken to the supreme court, in case the
copy of the record in the cause below shall not be filed with the
clerk of the supreme court, on or before the first day of the term
to which such case was taken or returnable, it shall be lawful for
the court, on motion of the defendant in appeal, and on producing
.-a copy of the citation duly served on the defendant to dismiss the
cause, but the same may be reinstated at any time during the term,
if good cause be shown to the satisfaction of the court why a copy
of the record was not filed in due time.
Sec. 8. The said court, or any judge thereof, in vacation,
may grant writs of injunction, supersedeas, and such other writs
as the laws permit to the judgements or decrees of the county
■or district courts, on such terms and conditions as the laws may
prescribe in cases of appeals, and also to grant writs of habeas
corpus, and all other remedial writs and process granted by said
judges, by virtue of their office, agreeably to the principles and
usages of law, returnable as the law directs, either to the supreme
(1140 )