82
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
cular negligence or misdemeanor in office with which he stands
charged, and in every such case the said court shall determine
both the law and the fact; and whenever the necessity occurs, the
supreme court may appoint a clerk pro tempore.
Sec. 12. The successor in office of any clerk shall receive into
his possession, all papers, books, stationary, and every thing be-
longing to the said office; and should the person or persons, having
possession of the same, refuse to give them up on demand made,
it shall be the duty of the clerk to give information thereof to the
attorney general, who shall prosecute such person or persons, in
the name of the republic, before any court having jurisdiction of
the same, and o convicition, the person so offending shall be fined
in the sum of ten thousand dollars, for the use of the republic.
Sec. 13. If any clerk of the supreme court shall knowingly make
any false entry or change any record in his keeping belonging to
his office, every such clerk, so offending, shall, on convicition there-
of, be fined and imprisoned at the discretion of the court, and shall
also be liable to the action of the party aggrieved.
Sec. 14. The clerk of the said court shall carefully preserve
the transcripts or records certified to his court, and all papers rela-
tive thereto, docketing all causes brought by appeal or otherwise,
in the order he shall receive them, that they may be heard in the
same course, unless the court, for good cause shown, direct any
to be heard out of its term; and shall faithfully record the decision
and proceedings of said court, and certify the same to the proper
courts, and all causes shall be tried by the said supreme court at
the return term, unless satisfactory' cause can be shown for a con-
tinuance.
Sec. 15. The clerk of the district court shall receive and pay
to the clerk of the supreme court, all costs that may have accrued in.
the supreme court in any cause or controversy which may have
been brought into the supreme court from such district court,
wherein a final judgment or decree shall be rendered, and any clerk
failing to pay such costs on demand, after he shall have received
the same, may be proceeded against by motion in the supreme court
in the same manner that sheriffs may be proceeded against for
money received on executions.
Sec. 16. A certified copy of the bond required by law to
be given by the appellant or plaintiff in the appeal, shall be
transmitted by the clerk of the court below, with a transcript of
the record of the cause in which such appeal was taken, or which
(1142)