Laws of the Republic of Texas.
83
may be taken in any other way to the supreme court; and in case
the judgment or decree of the court below shall be affirmed, or the
appellant shall fail to prosecute the same to effect, the supreme
court shall enter up judgment or decree against all the obligors
in such bond, both principal and security for the debt, damages,
and costs which may be adjudged to the appellee; and it-shall be
the duty of the court .below, on the certificate of the clerk of the
supreme court, to issue executions thereon accordingly.
Sec. 17. In all cases decided by the supreme court, the judg-
ment or decree of the court hall be pronounced publicly, with
the reasons of the court for the same.
Sec. 18. All writs and processes issuing from the supreme court
shall bear test of the clerk of such court, and shall be under the
seal of said court and signed by the clerks thereof, and may be
directed to the sheriff or other proper officer of any county in the
republic, and shall be by him executed according to the commands
thereof, and returned to the. court from which they emanated; and
whenever such writ or process shall not be executed, the clerk of
said court is hereby authorized and required to issue another like
writ or process upon the application of the party suing out the
former writ or process; and when any person, plaintiff or defendant,
in any suit depending in the said court, shall be dead, it shall be
lawful for the clerk of the said court, during the recess of the
court, upon application, to issue proper process, to enable the court
to proceed to a final judgment or decree in the names of the repre-
sentatives of such deceased person.
Sec. 19. The said court may adjourn from day to day, or for such
longer period as they may think necessary to the ends of justice
and the determination of the business before them;. and there shall
be no discontinuance of any suit, process, matter, or thing re-
turned to or depending in the supreme court, although a sufficient
number of judges shall not attend at the commencement, or any
other day of the term; but if a sufficient number shall fail to attend
at the commencement of any term, or at any time during the term,
any judge of the said court, or the sheriff attending the same, may
adjourn the said court from day to day for six days successively;
at which time, if a majority of the judges do not attend, it shall
be the duty of the judge or sheriff to adjourn the court to term in
course.
Sec. 30. No judge of the supreme court shall sit in any
cause wherein he is directly or indirectly interested, or if he
(1143 )