84
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
shall have been of counsel for either party in such cause; but al-
though one or more of the judges of the supreme court be inter-
ested in the event of any suit, matter, or thing, depending therein,
the same shall be finally decided by the other judges, if there be
a number of judges not so interested sufficient to constitute a court;
and in case a majority of said judges shall be interested in
any cause depending in said court or of any kind to either party
within the third degree, it shall be the duty of the congress to ap-
point, by joint resolution, one or more persons learned in the law
to supply the places of the judges so interested, who shall hear
and determine all such causes.
Sec. 21. Whenever the supreme court shall be equally divided
in opinion, on hearing any appeal or other matter, the judgment or
decree of the court below shall be affirmed.
Sec. 22. The sheriff of the county in which the supreme court
shall be held, shall be the sheriff of said court, and shall attend
the same with a sufficient number of deputies accordingly: and
the sheriff and his deputies shall be bound to perform the duties
of such.
Sec. 23. The supreme court shall have power to punish any
person for a contempt of such court: provided such punishment
shall not exceed, for each contempt, a fine of one hundred dollars,
and imprisonment for six days.
Sec. 24. The chief justice shall cause to be procured a seal for
the use of the supreme court, with the style of the Supreme Court
around the margin in circular form, with a star of five points in
the centre.
Sec. 25. The chief justice and the district judges shall be sworn
into office by any one of the primary judges heretofore appointed
by law.
Sec. 26. And be it further enacted, That the supreme court
shall have power from time to time to establish rules or proceed-
ing for the government of said courts, and in the several district
courts in this republic: provided such rules be not inconsistent
with the constitution and laws of the republic.
IRA INGRAM,
Speaker of the house of representatives.
RICHARD ELLIS,
President pro tem. of the senate.
Approved, Dec. 15, 1836.
SAM. HOUSTON.
(1144 )