Laws of the Republic of Texas.
85
JOINT RESOLUTIONS,
For the relief of G. & T. H. Borden.
Sec. 1. Be it resolved by the senate and house of representa-
tives of the republic of Texas, in congress assembled, That the
president be, and he is hereby authorized to issue an order on David
White, for the sum of two thousand two hundred and thirty-eight
dollars twenty-seven cents, in favor of G. & T. H. Borden; and that
such order, bearing legal interest, be received as cash, and paid by
David White, as agent of Texas, out of any money he may have
or receive for the republic of Texas.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the full amount of a
contract between the Messrs. G. & T. H. Borden, on the one part,
and a joint committee of both houses on the other, the date of the
first payment terminating on the eleventh instant, and amount-
ing to two thousand six hundred and sixty-two dollars fifty-six
cents, be liquidated in the manner aforesaid.
IRA INGRAM,
Sneaker of the house of representatives.
RICHARD ELLIS,
President pro tem. of the senate.
Approved, Dec. 15, 1836.
SAM. HOUSTON.
AN ACT,
Making appropriations for paying the expenses of the government
of Texas.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the senate and house of representatives
of the republic of Texas, in congress assembled, That there is here-
by appropriated, out of any money in the treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the following sums of money, for defraying the ex-
penses of the government, in part, for the years 1836 and 1837,
to wit: For defraying the expenses of the navy, one hundred and
fifty thousand dollars; for the expenses of the army, seven hundred
thousand dollars: for the executive and civil departments of the
government, one hundred and fifty thousand dollars, making an
appropriation of one million of dollars; which said one million
of dollars, the secretary of the treasury is hereby authorized and
required to pay out of the treasury, out of any money therein, not
otherwise appropriated by law.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That if there should be
(1145 )