Laws of the Republic of Texas.
87
towards him, but he is to represent such oppression or miscon-
duct to the captain of the vessel, or to the commander of the
squadron in which he serves, or to the secretary of the navy in
writing.
Abt. 6. Every officer is strictly enjoined to avoid all unneces-
sary expenditure of money or stores belonging to the public, and
as far as may depend on him, to prevent the same in others.
Abt. 7. Every officer is strictly enjoined to report to his com-
mander, or to the secretary of the navy, as circumstances may re-
quire, any neglect, collusion, or fraud discovered by him, in con-
tractors, agents, or other persons employed in the supplying of
vessels with provisions or stores, or in executing any work in the
naval department, either on board vessel or on shore, whether or
not such provisions or stores are under his own charge, or such
work under his own inspection, or that of any other officer. But
in malting such representations he will be held accountable for all
vexatious and groundless charges exhibited by him in manner afore-
said.
Abt. 8. Every officer is strictly forbidden to have any concern
or interest in the purchasing of, or contracting for supplies of pro-
visions or stores of any kind for the navy, or in any works for or
appertaining to it; neither shall he receive any emolument or
gratuity of any kind, either directly or indirectly, on account of
such purchases, contracts, or works, from any person or persons
whatever.
Abt. 9. Every commander, before he leaves his command, is
to sign all books, accounts, and certificates, which may be neces-
sary to enable officers to pass their respective accounts, or to re-
ceive their pay: provided he be satisfied that such books, accounts,
and certificates, are correct, as by the assurance of the purser, who
will be held accountable for all errors and improprieties appearing
in papers bearing his signature.
Abt. 10. If any officer shall receive an order from his superior,
contrary to the general instructions of the secretary of the navy,
or to any particular order he may have received from the said sec-
retary of the navy, or any other superior, from whom he shall have
received said orders; and if, after such representation, the superior
shall still insist upon the execution of his order, the officer is to
obey him, and report the circumstance to the commander of the
vessel, to the commander , of the squadron, or to the secretary of
the navy, as may be proper.
Abt. 11. The pay of every officer shall be held answera-
(1147 )