Laws of the Republic of- Texas.
89
board passengers, or to have supernumeraries, unless there should
be strong reasons for so doing; and in such case he shall state his
reasons in his order for that purpose.
Art. 8. He shall inform the secretary of the navy of all his
proceedings relative to the service upon which he may be em-
ployed.
Art. 9. He shall correspond regularly with the secretary of
the navy, informing him of all orders given by him, relating to the
duties respectively connected with his command: and it shall be
his duty to point out such naval improvements as his observation
may enable him to suggest, and such defects and neglects as may
come under his notice.
Art. 10. When it shall become absolutely necessary to suspend
from employment, an officer having charge of stores, he may ap-
point another to act in his stead, until the pleasure of the secretary
of the navy be known. He shall report by the first opportunity,
an account of the circumstances which may have caused the sus-
pension, and order a survey to be held, and an inventory of stores
to be taken; one copy of which he shall forward to the navy de-
partment, and another he shall deliver to the officer taking charge
of the stores, who will open accounts of the receipts, returns, con-
versions, and issues, from the period of closing, the survey.
Art. 11. He may in like manner, and for good reasons, suspend
from their stations, the captains or other officers under his com-
mand, and on a foreign station appoint others to act in their
places, until the pleasure of the secretary of the navy be known;
but in these cases he shall immediately transmit an account thereof
to the secretary of the navy, specifying his reasons for so doing,
and furnish the captain or other officers with a duplicate of the
same.
Art. 12. He shall not, without good and sufficient reason, to
be immediately communicated to the secretary of the navy, alter
the appointments assigned to officers at the period of fitting out.
Art. 13. He shall preserve the instructions and orders received
by him, and all other papers and correspondence relating to the
service upon which he may be ordered in the most intelligible
form, and at the end of every cruise he shall send to the secretary
of the navy a narrative of his proceedings, accompanied by a fair
copy of such official correspondence as may have any connection
with the facts therein stated.
Art. 14. He shall conform to the standing rules of the
(1149 )