90
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
navy in such directions as he shall give to established agents, and
incur no expense that the public service does not render absolutely
necessary.
Art. 15. He shall have no private interest in the procurement
of stores or provisions for the public service, nor in any way in-
terfere with the purchase or procurement of them, where there
are proper officers for that purpose, except when an absolute neces-
sity arises for his making use of his credit or authority to obtain
them.
Art. 16. He shall obey all orders received from the secretary
of the navy, and exact a strict attention to them from all persons
under his command.
Art. 17. In the purchase of provisions or stores at places where
no regular agent is established, he may appoint one for the purpose
of obtaining the necessary supply, and he may himself contract
for the whole quantity required, or direct each captain to purchase
what the vessel under his command may require; but in either case
the amount of the bills drawn will be charged to his account, until
satisfactory vouchers are received to show that the articles were of
a suitable quality, and purchased at the lowest rate.
Art. 18. He shall, as far as may be practicable, when no reg-
ular agents may be established, have the public works which it
may be necessary to have done, on contract, executed at the lowest
rates, and on the most reasonable terms, giving public notice, that
tenders may be received from those disposed to contract: copies of
which contracts shall be sent by him to the secretary of the navy.
Art. 19. No boats or vessels shall be hired for the use of the
squadron, without the consent of the commander, and he will be
careful that such consent is not given, except when the service re-
quired cannot be performed by the boats of the vessel under his
command.
Art. 20. Foreign agents are to be paid by bills drawn on
the secretary of the navy, at the regular rates of exchange, un-
less' otherwise instructed by the secretary of the navy; or bills
may be disposed of, and the proceeds applied towards reimburs-
ing them; but in either case the certificates of three respectable
merchants, and the approval of the commander of the squadron,
must be forwarded with the letter of advice. These bills shall
in all cases be drawn by the pursers of the respective vessels for
the amount of the provisions or stores received, and approved
(1150)