92
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
Aet. 3. He shall cause a careful examination to be made of all
articles received on board for the use of the vessel, and if he fail
to do so he will be alone accountable for any evils resulting from
defect or deficiencies in them: provided such defect or deficiencies
were passed over at the receipt of the articles from want of due ex-
amination thereof.
Abt. 4. When the duties of the ship will admit of it, he shall
permit the purser to use the boats for the purpose of conveying on
board provisions, stores, and other necessaries for the use of the
vessel.
Abt. 5. He shall not permit his stores to be applied to private
uses, wasted, or, without absolute necessity, converted to other
purposes than those for which they were intended; and whenever
he shall think it necessary to order any extraordinary expenditure
or conversion of stores or provisions, his order for that purpose
shall be given in writing, stating the reason or reasons for such
extraordinary expenditure or conversion, which order shall be pre-
served and produced by the officer having charge of the stores so
expended or converted, at the settlement of his accounts.
Art. 6. If any stores or provisions shall be lost, destroyed or
embezzled, the circumstances shall be noted in the log book of the
vessel and if, through neglect or design, they should be totally lost,
they shall be charged to the offender, and he be brought to pun-
ishment.
Art. 7. He is to use the utmost economy in every thing which
relates to the expenses of his vessel and the public service confided
to him, using every article for the purpose for which it was origi-
nally intended, and making his supplies and means last as long as
possible. He is not to use sails for covering boats, nor for awnings,
nor to convert canvass into sails not allowed for the service, nor
to any other purpose than that for which they were supplied, unless
they shall have at first been surveyed and reported unfit for their
proper use; nor shall he make any alterations in the vessel under
his command without the permission of the commander-in-chief,
or that of the secretary of the navy.
Aet. 8. He shall examine the weekly returns of expenditures,
and, with the master, sign those made monthly; which, when so
signed, are to be delivered to the officers having charge of stores,
to be presented by them at the settlement of their accounts.
Aet. 9. He may grant to private vessels of Texas, and to
( 1152 )