Laws of the Republic of Texas.
93
foreign vessels, when absolutely necessary, such supplies of pro-
visions and stores as they stand in need of; giving the officers hav-
ing charge of them written orders to that effect, and taking from
the master or commander of the vessel so supplied, three receipts,
and three bills of exchange, drawn in favor of the secretary of the
navy on his owner, or those concerned in the vessel, for the real
amount of the articles furnished; which bills, and two of the re-
ceipts, shall be transmitted to the secretary of the navy, and the
circumstance noted on the accounts and log book of the vessel.
Art. 10. When it becomes necessary to purchase stores, they
shall be delivered to the proper officers of the vessel, who shall
sign receipts for them, and they are to be charged at their cost by
the purser of the vessel, against such officers, in their accounts;
and such charge or charges shall be transmitted to the auditor of
the treasury, to stand against their pay until accounted for.
Abt. 11. On the death of an officer having charge of stores,
his public papers shall be separated from those of a private nature,
the former to be forwarded by safe conveyance to the auditor of
the treasury, and the latter, together with his private effects, to
be put in charge of such officer as the captain of the vessel may
appoint for that purpose, to be preserved for the benefit of the
legal representative of the deceased; unless from particular cir-
cumstances, the captain should deem it advisable to dispose of
them at public sale; in which case a duplicate of the inventory,
with an account of the disposal or sale, shall be transmitted to the
auditor of the treasury.
Art. 12. If an officer, having charge of stores, should from any
accidental circumstance, be separated from his vessel, the captain
shall proceed to survey and ascertain the state of the stores, as
though such officer were actually dead, or discharged: and he shall,
as in a like case, appoint another officer to act in his place, giving
the earliest intelligence of his proceedings to the auditor of the
treasury.
Art. 13. When a ship or vessel cuts, slips, or parts her
cable, the captain shall, as soon as circumstances will admit, en-
deavour to recover the anchor or cable lost; and should it ap-
pear that no exertion for that purpose was made by him, the
value of the articles will be charged against his pay; if the ves-
sel put to sea without recovering them, the senior officer present
shall endeavour to recover them, but no vessels are to be hired
for the purpose, if the boats and crew of the squadron are able
73—vol. i.
(1153 )