96
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
lieutenant, master, and boatswain, proceed to examine and rate
them according to their abilities, which he is to do without partial-
ity or favor. He is to rate as petty officers those only who shall be
found qualified for such stations, and to take especial care that
every person in the vessel, without exception, does actually per-
form the duties of his station in which he is rated. - He shall rate
none as ordinary seamen who have not been previously at sea
twelve months, and are able to go aloft, and perform some of the
duties of a seaman; nor shall he rate any as able seamen who have
not been previously at sea three years, and are capable of perform-
ing most of the duties of a seaman.
Art. 25. He is, without loss of time, to make arrangements
for quartering the officers and men, distributing them to. the guns,
musketry, rigging, &c.; to divide them into watches, make out his
quarter, station, and watch bills of the names of men stationed at
every gun, to muster and exercise them frequently at the great
guns, small arms, bending and unbending loosing, and reefing,
and furling sails, sending up and down top-gallant-masts and yards,
rowing in boats, and every other duty which it may be necessary
for seamen to perform at sea and in port.
Abt. 26. As occasions may frequently occur on which it may
be necessary and of great importance that seamen should be skillful
in the use of muskets, the captain is to order a number of sailors to ,
be exercised and trained up to the use of small arms.
Art. 27. No captain shall carry any woman to sea without an
■order from the secretary of the navy, or from the commander-in-
chief of the squadron to which he belongs.
Art. 28. Every captain is required to make himself ac-
quainted with every coast and harbor he may visit, and if
practicable, to make charts and drawings of them, provided it
can be done without giving offence; all of which he is to for-
ward to the secretary of the navy, accompanied with a journal
containing such remarks, description, and information as he may
think necessary to give. He is to endeavour to ascertain cor-
rectly the latitude and longitude of places little known, the prev-
alent winds and currents, the soundings, &c., as well as every
•other information that may be of importance to those who visit
the place after him; he will also encourage and offer every fa-
cility to such of his officers as are desirous of entering into simi-
lar occupations and pursuits; and if any such journals or charts
contain observations or remarks which may cCutribute to the
(1156)