98
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
the purser of the ship to which they are transferred, a pay list,
stating the balances respectively due them.
Art. 36. He is responsible for the whole conduct and good
government of the vessel, and for the due execution of all regula-
tions which concern the several duties of the officers and company
of the vessel, who are to obey him in all things which he shall di-
rect for the service of Texas.
Art. 37. The quarter deck must never be left without one com-
missioned officer at least, and the other necessary officers which
the captain may deem proper to attend to the duty of the vessel.
Art. 38. On vessels of Texas being visited by custom-house offi-
cers, the captain will offer them every facility in th.e performance of
their duties, and if there should be a suspicion of any persons hav-
ing articles on board, subject to the payment of duties, which such
person is desirous of smuggling, he is to give them every possible
assistance in discovering such articles, if they are really on board.
If he should discover any officer in the act of smuggling or at-
tempting to smuggle, he is immediately to arrest such officer, and
report the same to the secretary of the navy, in order that such
direction may be given as conduct so injurious to the public, and
so disgraceful to an officer shall require.
Art. 39. While in port or roadstead, he is to follow the motions
of the senior officer present, by striking or getting up yards and
topmasts, loosing or furling sails, and doing any other duties con-
temporaneously with the vessel which the senior officer commands,
unless such senior officer shall dispense with his so doing.
Art. 40. He is to pay every attention to the comforts of the
sick and wounded, causing a comfortable place to be provided for
them in any part of the vessel where they will be the least incom-
moded.
Art. 41.
ence.
Art. 42.
He is required to keep copies of all official correspond-
The captain of a vessel carrying a broad pendant, is
on all occasions of duty to consult his commander, and a respect
due him requires that he should not inflict any punishment without
his knowledge.
Art. 43. If any Texian vessel of war should be wrecked,
the captain is to use every possible exertion to save the lives of
the crew, and to preserve the stores, provisions, and furniture of
the vessel. He is also to endeavour to save the vessel’s papers,
(1158 )