Laws of the Republic of Texas.
99
particularly the muster and slop books, and to take, special care
to preserve or destroy all signals, secret orders, and instructions,
to prevent their falling into improper hands. He is to dispose
of the crew in a manner most conducive to their comfort and the
public interest, and to be very particular in keeping up a regular
and perfect discipline among them, carefully preventing the com-
mission of any irregularity which may give offence to the inhabi-
tants of the country they are in.
Art. 44. He is to lose no time in getting the crew to Texas,
to effect which he is authorized to dispose of, on the best terms,
the property saved from the wreck, or to draw on the secretary of
the navy for the necessary monies.
Art. 45. Whenever any commander of a public vessel of Texas
shall find himself placed in such circumstances as shall compel him
to strike his flag to an enemy, he is to take especial care to destroy
all his secret instructions, signal books, and private signals; and
for this purpose they should be always kept fastened to a weight,
so heavy as to sink them immediately on being thrown overboard;
and on enquiring into the loss of the vessel, he will produce evi-
dence of his having done so.
Art. 46. The vessel and every person on board being placed
under the command of the captain, he will be held responsible for
everything done on board. From him will be expected an example
of respect and obedience to his superiors, of unremitting attention
to his duty, and a cheerful alertness in the execution of it, in all
situations, and under all circumstances. He will be expected to
observe himself, and strongly to enforce in others, the most rigid
economy in the expenditures of public stores; and to show by every
means in his power, a steady determination to serve his country
with the utmost zeal and fidelity; and although particular duties
are hereafter assigned, and various instructions given to every offi-
cer in the navy; from him it will be expected that all those, whether
officers or others, shall be corrected, or their conduct properly rep-
resented, who are disobedient or disrespectful to their superiors,
neglectful of their duty, wasteful of public stores, or who by their
conduct or conversation shall endeavour to render any officer or
other person dissatisfied with his situation, or with the service on
which he is employed. He is to observe with particular attention
the conduct of every officer, and of every other person under his
command; that being acquainted with their respective merits, he
may assign them such station as they may be qualified to fill; and
for arduous and dangerous enterprises may select those whose
(1159)