102
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
vessel every half hour, to see that there is no disturbance among
the men, and that no candles or lamps are burning, except such
as are expressly allowed.
Abt.. 10. He is to direct the carpenter to sound the well himself,
or direct one of his mates to do it, once at least in every watch,
and to see that the ports are well barred; and the gunner or one
of his mates to examine once at least in each watch, the state of
the lashing of the guns, and to report to him when they have
done so.
Art. 11. In the morning he is to direct the boatswain to ex-
amine into the state of the rigging, and the carpenter that of the
masts and yards; he is to receive their reports, and to inform the
captain of any defects they may discover.
Art. 12. He is never to change the course of the vessel with-
out directions from the captain, unless it be necessary to avoid
some danger.
Art. 13. If the vessel belongs to, or is in company with any
squadron, he is to direct some careful officer to observe the signals
made by the commanding officer; but he is never to answer any
signal, whether general or addressed particularly to the vessel to
which he belongs, unless he is certain that he sees it distinctly, and
understands for what purpose it is made; and he is every evening
before dark to see that lanterns with candles and every thing neces-
sary for making signals in the night, are ready and in good order;
and that the number of guns which may be directed not shotted,
are ready for being fired, and to be particularly attentive in pre-
venting any other lights being shown in the vessel when signal
lights are hoisted, and when at sea that no light may be seen from
the cabin or any part of the vessel.
Art. 14. During a fog he is to be particularly attentive to the
guns fired by the commander-in-chief, that by observing any altera-
tion that may take place either in the direction or strength of the
report, he may take such steps as may be deemed necessary to pre-
vent the vessel’s being separated from the squadron. He is to be
very careful to order the drum to be heat, and the bell to be sound-
ed according to the tack the vessel may be on, for the information
of vessels that may be near.
Art. 15. He is to see that every occurrence worthy of
notice during the watch be properly entered on the log board,
and that all signals made in the squadron are correctly minuted,
in such a manner as the captain shall direct; and at the end of
his watch he is to sign the log board and the report of signals,
(1162)