Laws of the Republic of Texas.
103
with the initials of his name; and in like manner, when the oc-
currences of the day, and the report of the signals have been en-
tered in the log book, he is to sign that with his name at the end
of each watch he kept.
ART. 16. He is constantly to ascertain the latitude by observa-
tion, at noon, or by double. altitude, as circumstances may require,
and to keep an account of the vessel’s way, specifying the course
steered, and the distance run for each twenty-four hours, with the
latitude and longitude she is in, and the bearings and distances of
some head land from which she sailed, or towards which he may
be going, with other particulars, and in any form that the captain
shall direct; which account he is to deliver to the captain every
day, as soon after noon as the other duties of the vessel will allow.
Abt. 17. He is not to make any signal by day or night, ex-
cept such as may be necessary to warn vessels of any danger to
which they may be exposed, without the direction of the captain.
Abt. 18. In time of action, he is to see that all the men under
his command are at their quarters, and that they do their duty with
spirit and alacrity. He is to be particularly attentive to prevent
them from loading the guns improperly; from firing them before
they are well pointed, and from wetting them after they have been
fired, and he is to be very careful to prevent their making an im-
proper accumulation of powder in any part of his quarters.
Art. 19. He. is to be attentive to the conduct of all the ship’s
company, to prevent all profane swearing and abusive language,
all disturbance, noise, and confusion, to enforce a strict obedience
to orders, a proper respect to all superiors, and an observance of
discipline and good order; and he is to report to the captain all
those whose misconduct he shall think deserving of reprehension or
punishment.
Abt. 20. No boat is to be allowed to come along side, or to go
from the vessel, without direction from the lieutenant of the watch.
When vessels or boats come along side with provisions, stores, wa-
ter, &c., he is to see that they are cleared without delay, and that
the articles are taken into the vessel with the utmost care, to pre-
vent their suffering any damage; and when any provisions, stores,
empty casks, &c., are to be sent from the vessel, he is to be equally
attentive in causing them to be put into the vessels or boats ap-
pointed to receive them.
Art. 21. In the absence of the captain, the senior lieute-
(1163)