104
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
nant on board the vessel is to be responsible for every thing done
on board; he is to see every part of the duty as punctually per-
formed as if the captain were present.
He may put under arrest any officer whose conduct he shall think
so reprehensible as to require it, and he may confine such men as
he may think deserving of punishment; but neither he, nor any
other lieutenant, who may become commanding officer, is to re-
lease an officer from his arrest, nor to release or punish any man
who has been confined; for this is to be done by the captain only,
unless he be absent from the vessel, with leave from the secretary
of the navy, or from his commanding officer, in which case it is to
be done only by the senior lieutenant commanding the'vessel in
the captain’s absence.
OF THE MASTER.
Abt. 1. A master, when attached to. a vessel, is to be constantly
attentive to his duty, and diligently and punctually to execute all
orders he may receive from the captain or any of the lieutenants
of the vessel for the public service.
Abt. 3. He is to be present himself at the stowing of the hold,
to see that the vessel has the proper quantity of iron or other bal-
last; and he is to stow her in a manner best qualified to preserve
her trim, to make room in the hold, and to admit of the stowage of
the water and provisions without risk of damage to the casks. He
is to stow away as much wood in the hold as possible; and if it
should appear to him that the quantity of wood and coals will not
be sufficient for the time for which the vessel is victualled, he is to
report it to the captain.
Abt. 3. He is to be present when stores and provisions are re-
ceived on board, to see them carefully and expeditiously hoisted in
to prevent their being damaged; and if any of them should appear
to him to be in any respect defective, he is to report it to the cap-
tain, or the commanding officer on board, that they may be sur-
veyed as soon as the service will admit, and then disposed of in
conformity to the report of the survey.
Art. 4. If any provisions are pointed out to him as being older
than the rest, he is to. stow them in such a way as to admit of their
being first hoisted up; and on receiving any subsequent supplies, he
is, whenever circumstances will admit, to put the new provisions
under the old, that they may the last expended.
Abt, 5. He is to keep the keys of the after hold and
spirit room, which, when wanted, he is to deliver to one of the
(1164)