Laws of the Republic of Texas.
105
master’s mates only, strictly charging him not to suffer a light to
he carried into the spirit room; to attend himself, without quit-
ting on any account, the spirit room or after hold while open, to
see it properly secured when the service for which it was opened
shall he executed, and to return the keys to him as soon as he has
done so.
Art. 6. He is to see that the sails are properly fitted with points,
robands, earings, &c., ready for being brought to the yards, and
that the boatswain has always a sufficient number of spare points,
robands, gaskets, mats, plats, knippers, &c., ready for any purpose
for which they may be wanted.
Art. 7. He is to he attentive in observing the quantity of every
species of provisions hoisted up from the hold, that if the quantity
should appear to be more than is necessary for the ship’s com-
pany, he may inform the captain; he is to attend also to the quan-
tity of wood hoisted up, that he may prevent any improper ex-
penditure of the same.
Art. 8. He is to be particularly careful to prevent any waste
or improper expense of water, and never allow of its being started
or pumped out in the hold without particular directions from the
captain; nor is he to suffer more to be hoisted up in a day than
the quantity allowed.
Art. 9. He is every day to report to the captain the quantity of
water expended during the last twenty-four hours, and the quantity
remaining on board.
Art. 10. He is, with the first lieutenant, to visit the store rooms
of the warrant officers, to see that they are kept as clean and as well
ventilated as circumstances will admit, that no other than the stores
of the vessel are to be put into them, and that the stores are so regu-
lated as to admit of any of them being found when wanted.
Art. 11. He is frequently to inspect the sail room, to see that
they are dry, and the rooms in good order. He is to give orders
for the repairing of sails immediately on discovering that they
require it; and if he should find them or any of the stores at any
time likely to be damaged by dampness, or by any other cause, he
is immediately to represent it to the captain.
Art. 12. He is frequently to examine into the state of the rig-
ging, and to see that the standing rigging is always kept well set
up; to attend himself when it is set up; to examine frequently the
running rigging, and to inform the captain when any part of 1t
appears to be no longer serviceable.
Art. 13. At the end of every week he is to examine the
(1165 )