Laws of the Republic of Texas.
107
sails, the blowing away of flags or colors, and all other accidents,
with the quantity of each article lost or saved.
3d, Every circumstance relating to the supply, receipts, loss,
survey, and returns of slop clothes, provisions, casks, and water:
specifying from whom they were received, and to whom they were
supplied or returned, and by whose order, if any order were given,
with the number of casks and packages written in words at length.
4th, An account of the quantity of every species of stores, pur-
chased for the vessel, or received from, or supplied to any other
Texian vessel, or to merchant vessels, or to any foreign vessels or
arsenal.
5th, Every alteration made in the allowance of provisions, speci-
fying by whose order such allowance was made.
6th, The marks and numbers of every cask of provisions or bale
of slops opened for the use of the vessel’s crew, with the quantity
it is said to have contained, and the difference, if there is any.
7th, An account of the number of men employed on board who
are to be paid for the services they perform, whether hired for that
purpose, or lent from other vessels, mentioning the day on which
they began, and on which they ceased working, and the number
mustered every day. Every entry of the receipt, expenditures, loss,
&c., of stores or provisions, is to be carefully examined by the offi-
cer who has the charge of them, who is to signify that the .account
is correct, by signing his name at the bottom of it. After the log
book has been signed by the lieutenant, no alteration, however
trifling, is to be made in it, without the approbation of the captain,
and the perfect recollection of the lieutenant of the watch that
such alteration is proper.
Abt. 18. At the end of every six calendar months, he is to de-
liver a copy of the log book for those six months, signed by him-
self, to the captain, to be transmitted by the first safe opportunity
to the secretary of the. navy; and at the end of every twelve months
he is to deliver the original log book, signed by himself, to the
captain, to’ be kept by him till the vessel is paid off, and then to
be sent to the secretary of the navy. If the master be superseded
he is to sign the original log book, then in his possession, and to
deliver it to his successor, who is to give him a receipt for it.
PURSER.
Abt. 1. The purser being the officer appointed to receive
(1167 )