Latvs of the Republic of Texas.
109
any alleged loss by damage in slops, unless he show, by regular
surveys, signed by three officers, one at least to be commissioned,
that the loss has been unavoidably sustained by damage, and not
by any neglect or inattention on his part.
Art. 9. And as a compensation for the risk and responsibility,
the purser shall be authorized to dispose of the slops to the crew
at a profit of ten per cent.; but he must, at the end of every cruise,
render a regular slop account, showing by appropriate columns,
the quantity of each article received or purchased, and the prices
and amount, and from whom, when and where, and he shall show
the quantity disposed of, and to whom, and at what prices, so that
his slop account may show the articles’ prices, and amounts re-
ceived and disposed'of.
Art. 10. When on foreign station there shall be a necessity
to purchase slops, they are to be purchased agreeably to the estab-
lished uniform of the navy, which in winter shall consist of a blue
jacket and trowsers, and red vest, yellow buttons, and black hat.
In summer the dress will be white duck jackets and trowsers, and
vests; and on the home station they will be supplied from the navy
stores, on requisition, in the same manner as other stores are sup-
plied.
Art. 11. Slops are to be issued out publicly, and in the pres-
ence- of an officer, who is to be appointed by the captain, to see
the article delivered to the seamen and others, and the receipt
given for the same, which he is also to certify. - The captain is
not to suffer any one to be supplied with slops except when abso-
lutely necessary, and he is to oblige those who may be ragged, and
in want of apparel or bedding, to receive such of these things as
he shall stand in need of.
Art. 12. When any one dies on board, his cloths and other
effects may be sold at auction, and the amount, after being charged
to the buyer, shall be carried to the credit of the deceased, for the
benefit of his legal representatives. .
Art. 13. The purser shall be allowed a commission of five per
cent, to be deducted from the amount of the sale of dead men’s
clothes.
, Art. 14. No purser shall draw moneys at any time or place
without the approval and signature of his commanding officer.
Art. 15. Captains or commanders may shorten the daily allow-
ance of provisions when necessity shall require it.
Art. 16. No officer is to draw whole allowance while the ship’s
company is on short allowance.
74 —VOL. T.
(1169)