Laws of the liepublic of Texas.
Ill
unless required so to do before a court of justice, in due course of
law.”
Art. 3. All testimony given to a general court martial shall be
on oath or affirmation, which the president of the court is hereby
authorized to administer; and if any person shall refuse to give his
evidence as aforesaid, or shall prevaricate, or shall behave with con-
tempt to the court, it shall, and may be lawful, for the court to im-
prison such offender, at their discretion: provided, that the impris-
onment in no case shall exceed two months, and every person who
shall commit wilful perjury on examination on oath or affirmation
before such court, or who shall corruptly procure or suborn any
person to commit such wilful perjury, shall, and may be prosecuted
by indictment or information, in any court of justice in the republic
of Texas, and shall suffer such penalties as are authorized by the
laws of the republic of Texas, in case of perjury or the subornation
thereof. And in every prosecution for perjury or subornation, un-
der this act, it shall be sufficient to set forth the offence charged
on the defendant, without setting forth the authority by which the
court was held, or the particular matters brought, or intended to be
brought before the said court.
Art. 4. All charges on which an application for a general court
martial is founded, shall be exhibited in writing to the proper offi-
cer, and the person demanding the court shall take care that the,
person accused shall be furnished with a true copy of the charges,
with the specifications, at the time he is put under arrest; nor shall
any other charge or charges, than those so exhibited, be urged
against the person so to be tried before the court, unless it appear
to the court that the intelligence of such charge had not reached
the person demanding the court, when the person so to be tried was
put under arrest, or that some witness, material to the support of
such charge, who was at that time absent, can be produced; in which
case, -reasonable time shall be given to the person to be tried, to
make his defence against such new charge. Every officer so arrested
is to deliver up his sword to his commanding officer, and to confine
himself to the limits assigned him, under pain of dismission from
the service.
Art. 5. When the proceedings of any general court mar-
tial shall have commenced, they shall not be suspended or de-
layed, on account of the absence of any of the members: provided
five or more be assembled; but the court is enjoined to sit from
day to day, (Sundays excepted,) until sentence be given: and no
(1171 )