112
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
member of said court shall, after the proceedings are begun, absent
himself therefrom, unless in case of sickness, or orders to go on
duty, from a superior officer, on pain of being cashiered.
Art. 6. Whenever a court martial shall sentence an officer to
be suspended, the court shall have power to suspend his pay and
emoluments, for the whole, or any part of the time of his suspen-
sion.
Art. 7. All sentences of courts martial, which shall extend to
the loss of life, shall require the concurrence of two-thirds of the
members present; and no such sentence shall be carried into execu-
tion, until confirmed by the president of the republic of Texas; or
if the trial take place out of the limits of the republic of Texas,
until it be confirmed by the commander of the squadron; all other
sentences may be determined by a majority of votes, and carried
into'execution on.. confirmation of the commander of the fleet or
squadron, or officer ordering the court, except such as go to the
dismission of a commissioned or warrant officer, which are first to be
approved by the president of the republic of Texas.
Art. 8. A court martial shall not, for any one offence not cap-
ital, inflict a punishment beyond one hundred lashes.
Art. 9. The president of the republic of Texas, or when the
trial takes place out of the limits of Texas, the commander of the
squadron, shall possess full powers to pardon any offence committed ■
against these articles, after conviction, or to mitigate the punish-
ment decreed by a court martial.
Art. 10. And be it further enacted, That courts of enquiry may
be ordered by the president of the republic of Texas, the secretary
of the navy, or the commander of the squadron: provided such court
shall not consist of more than three members, who shall be com-
missioned officers, and a judge advocate, or person to do duty as
such; and such courts shall have power to summon witnesses, ad-
minister oaths, and punish contempt, in the same manner as courts
martial; but such courts shall merely state facts, and not give their
opinion, unless expressly required so to do in the order for con-
vening; and the party whose conduct shall be the subject of inquiry,
shall have permission to cross examine all the witnesses.
Art. 11. The proceedings of courts of enquiry shall be
authenticated by the signature of the president of the court, and
judge advocate, and shall, in all cases not capital, or extending
to dismission of a commissioned, or warrant officer, be evidence
(1172 )