114
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
had on the same, by order of the commander, at the request of the
surgeon. A lieutenant, one surgeon and mate, shall be appointed
for this purpose, and their certificate shall be necessary to exonerate
the naval surgeon from the responsibility which these regulations
impose on him.
Art. 5. He shall prescribe for casual cases, on the gun deck,
every morning at nine o’clock, due notice having been previously
given by his lob-lolly boy, by ringing of a.bell. He shall visit those
who are confined to the sick berths twice a day, or oftener if neces-
sary, and prescribe such medicines and diet as he may think proper;
he shall likewise direct the stoppage of the rations of every man on
the sick list and excused from duty, when he shall issue hospital
stores in lieu thereof.'
Art. 6. He shall cause the patients under his care to be re-
moved to the sick berth, whenever he shall judge it expedient. He
is to request the commander to order as many men as may be requi-
site to attend their companions, day and night, as nurses; and whilst
engaged in this duty they shall be subject to the orders of the sur-
geon, unless when mustered, or called to quarters; should they ne-
glect to perform the duties required, and not use tenderness and
humanity in the performance of them, the surgeon shall make a
proper representation thereof to the captain. The sick berth shall
be supplied with a sufficient number of buckets and covers, for the
use of the sick, which shall be emptied frequently, and cleansed,
and charcoal and water put in them. The berth shall be white-
washed with lime, whenever an opportunity offers, and the deck
sprinkled with vinegar.
Art. 7. He shall be extremely attentive to the personal cleanli-
ness of the patients under his care, and see that the beds and bedding
are properly attended to; also, that the sick are supplied with such
medicines, drinks, and nourishments, as their situation may require.
Art. 8. He shall report daily to the commander, the number,
names, quality, and state of the sick under his care, their disease,
and probable cause of the increase of the sick; also, the result of
his treatment, agreeably to form. He shall likewise deposit in the
binnacle, an alphabetical list of those who are, or ought to be, ex-
cused from duty, in consequence of wounds, disease, or other in-
juries.
Art. 9. The day previous to the discharge of a man from the
sick report, who has been subsisted by him, he shall inform the
purser in writing, in order that his steward may include him in his
mess, in serving out the rations.
(1174)