Laws of the Republic of Texas.
115
Abt. 10. He shall at all times be prepared with everything ne-
cessary for the relief of wounded men; and when the vessel is cleared
for action, he shall repair to the cockpit, with his assistants and at-
tendants, or to such part of the vessel as the surgeon, with the con-
sent of the commander, may consider most proper for their recep-
tion, the situation having been previously arranged.
Abt. 11. A variety of cases may occur, when, for the preserva-
tion of the lives of the sick, as well as for the safety of those who
are well, it may be conceived necessary to remove part of the sick
on the gun deck; it is therefore deemed proper that he should recom-
mend their removal whenever circumstances may make it necessary.
Abt. 12. When sick or wounded men be sent to any of the naval
hospitals of Texas, they shall be accompanied by an officer, and an
assistant surgeon, to see that they are conveyed with all the care
and comfort that circumstances will admit of.
Abt. 13. Each man sent to the hospital shall be furnished with
a sick ticket, also an inventory of his effects, agreeable to form.
Abt. 14. Whenever very important and difficult cases occur, he
shall, if practicable, consult with the surgeons of the fleet or squad-
ron.
Abt. 15. He shall instruct his assistants, and all others stationed
with him, in the use of the tourniquet, and such other persons as
the commander may appoint. A number of tourniquets shall be
distributed to the different quarters; also, two or three to each top,
that the wounded men may suffer as little as possible from the loss
of blood, before their removal to the cock pit.
Art. 16. He shall occasionally inspect the crew, and take every
precaution to prevent the origin or progress of contagion, on the ap-
pearance of which he shall, without delay, report the case to the
commander, in order that a timely separation may be made of the
sick from the well, and adopt such measures as may have a ten-
dency to arrest the progress of the disease.
Art. 17. He shall frequently inspect the provisions and
liquors which may be served out, and report the same to the
commander, when unsound; he shall likewise direct his mates
to examine the cook’s coppers, to see that he keeps them clean,
and likewise report every thing respecting diet, dress, want of
personal cleanliness; in short, every thing which may come
(1175 )