116
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
within the sphere of his knowledge, tending to promote the com-
fort and health of the crew.
Art. 18. He shall take care that the medicines, and all other
articles with which he is supplied, are faithfully administered for
the relief of the sick and wounded, and that no part of them be
wasted or embezzled, or applied to any other purpose than that for
which they were intended.
Art. 19. To enable the surgeon and his assistants to take prop-
er care of the articles belonging to the medical department, a store
room shall be allotted for their reception, which shall be solely
under the charge of the surgeon, or, during his absence, of the first
assistant.
Art. 20. Whenever the surgeon shall consider that a supply of
fresh provisions, vegetables, or lemons, is necessary for the crew
generally, he is to signify the same to the commanding officer.
Art. 21. The surgeon shall be allowed a faithful attendant to
issue, under his direction, all supplies of provisions and hospital
stores, and to attend to the preparations of the nourishment for
the sick.
Art. 22. The purser shall, from time to time, supply, on the
requisition of the surgeon, approved by the captain or commander,
such articles of provisions as he may want for the use of the sick
or convalescent; which articles shall be .charged to the medical de- .
partment, or against the rations of the sick which may have been
stopped.
Art. 23. At the end of every six months the surgeon shall re-
port to the secretary of the navy, 'the conduct of his mates; whether
they have performed their duty with zeal and industry.
Surgical instruments are to be delivered to the surgeon, and
charged to his account; and on his removal from the vessel, he is
to take a receipt from his successor, the medical purveyor, or the
surgeon of the hospital where the vessel may be laid up; which re-
ceipt, when approved by the captain, shall acquit him from further
responsibility respecting them.
THE GUNNER.
Art. 1. The gunner, having received directions for that
purpose from the captain, is to inform the officer having charge
of the ordnance, when the vessel will he ready to receive her
guns. He is to attend to receive them on board, and to see that
(1176)