Laws of the Republic of Texas.
117
every gun is placed on its proper carriage, and put in good order
for use.
Abt. 2. He is to examine very carefully into the state of the
magazine, that he may be certain of its being perfectly fitted, and
perfectly dry, before the powder is carried on board; but if he
should find any appearance of dampness, he is to report it to the
captain that it may be properly dried.
Art. 3. He is to inform the captain when the powder will be
ready to be sent on board, that the fire in the galley may be put
out, before the vessel which carries it is suffered to come along-
side; while the powder is taking into the vessel, no candles are to
be kept lighted, except those in the light room, nor is any man to
be allowed to smoke tobacco: as soon as the whole is stored in the
magazine, the gunner is to see the doors, the light room, and the
scuttle carefully secured; and is to deliver the keys to the captain,
or to such other officer as he shall appoint to, take care of them.
Art. 4. He is never to keep any quantity of powder in any other
part of the vessel than the magazine, except that which the captain
shall order to be kept in the powder boxes or powder horns on deck;
and when he delivers cartridges from the magazine, he is to be very
particular that they are in cases, properly shut; and whenever it
may be necessary to move powder from the vessel, he is to use the
utmost caution, that all the passages to the magazine may be
wetted, so as to prevent accident.
Art. 5. He is to turn the barrels of powder once at least in
every three months, to prevent the separation of the nitre from the
other ingredients of the powder. He is also to examine frequently
the barrels, and if he should find any of them defective, he is to
remove the powder into some of the barrels which have been
emptied. He is frequently to examine the cartridges which are
filled, that he may remove the powder from any of them which
he may find defective.
Art. 6. When powder of various qualities shall be sent on
board, he is to be very attentive in using them in the order which
shall be prescribed.
Art. 7. He is frequently to examine into the state of the guns,
their locks and carriages, that they may be immediately repaired
or exchanged, if found defective; and he is frequently to examine
the musketry, and all the other small arms, to see that they are kept
clean, and in every respect fit for service.
Art. 8. He is to- be attentive in keeping the shot racks
( 1177)