118
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
full of shot, the powder horns and boxes of priming tubes full, and
a sufficient quantity of match primed, and ready for being lighted
at the shortest notice.
Abt. 9. When a vessel is preparing for battle, he is to be par-
ticularly attentive to see that all the quarters are supplied with
every thing necessary for the service of the guns, the boarders, fire-
men, &c. He is to see all the screens thoroughly wetted, and hung
round the hatchways, and from them to the magazine, before he
opens the magazine doors.
Abt. 10. After an engagement he is to apply to the captain for
a survey on the powder, shot, and other stores remaining under his
charge, that the quantity expended in the engagement may be
ascertained.
Abt. 11. He is never to allow any match to be burnt in the
day time, nor more than two lengths at the same time in the night,
without an order from the captain. When a match is burning, it
is always to hang over a tub of water, and the gunner’s mate of
the watch is to attend to it.
Abt. 12. He is to take every possible precaution to prevent any
ball cartridges being given to the men, among the blank cartridges
issued for exercise.
Abt. 13. He is to be very attentive to the conduct of the ar-
morer and his mates, to see that they discharge their duty properly,
that they keep the muskets and other small arms clean, and in good
order, always repairing them when they are defective, and not suf-
fering them, through neglect, to become too bad to be repaired.
Abt. 14. As the brass sheves and iron pins of blocks of gun
tackles, from being much exposed to salt water, are frequently set
fast with rust, he is to be particularly attentive when this is the
case, to. cause the iron pins to be knocked out, and to be oiled and
greased.
SURVEYS.
Abt. 1. If any officer shall wilfully sign any false report of
quantity and condition of stores or provisions he is Ordered to
survey, or shall discover any fraudulent practices in the manage-
ment of such stores or provisions, without making proper men-
tion of them in his report; or if any person shall give false ac-
count of stores or provisions, by which the surveying officer may
be deceived, and he led to make out an improper report, he is
to be immediately suspended, and his misconduct reported to the
(1178)