Laws of the Republic of Texas.
119
commander-in-chief, or to the secretary of the navy, that he may
be tried by a court martial.
SAIL MAKER.
Abt. 1. The sail maker is very carefully to examine the sails
when they are received on board, and to inform the boatswain if he
discover any defects in them, or any mistake in their number or
dimensions; he is to examine carefully whether they are perfectly
dry when they are put into the sail room; and if any part of them
be damp, the first proper opportunity must be taken to dry them.
Abt. 2. He is to be attentive to see all the sails properly tallied,
and so disposed of in the sail rooms as to enable him to find immedi-
ately any that may be wanted.
Abt. 3. He is frequently to inspect the condition of the sails in
the sail rooms, to see that they are not injured by leak or vermin,
and he is to report to the boatswain when it shall be necessary to
have them taken upon deck to be dried. He is to repair them when-
ever they require it, and to use his best endeavors to keep them
always fit for service.
CARPENTER.
Abt. 1. When a vessel of war belonging to the republic of Texas
is to be commissioned, the carpenter is to inspect very minutely
into the state of the masts and yards, as well as those which may be
in store, to insure their being perfectly sound, and in good order;
he is also to examine every part of the hull, the magazine, store
rooms and cabins, and he is to report to the captain any defect
which he may discover.
Abt. 2. lie is to make every possible exertion in getting the
stores on board, and he is to be very particular in observing that
they are all perfectly good, and that he receives his full allowance
of every article.
Abt. 3. When the vessel shall be at sea, he is once at least every
day to examine into the state of the masts and yards, and to report
to the officer of the watch when he discovers any of them to be
sprung, or to be in any way defective.
Abt. 4. In vessels of two decks, he is frequently to examine the
lower deck ports, to see that they are properly lined, and when
they are barred in, he and his mates are frequently to see that
they are properly secured.
Abt. 5. He is to be particularly careful in keeping the
(1179)