Laws of the Republic of Texas.
125'
the hospital surgeon is to set off upon the ticket of discharge from
the hospital.
Art. 14. The rations issued to the marines must be charged by
the purser to the subsistence of marine corps, in order that the sub-
sistence of the navy may have credit therefor in the settlement of
his account.
Art. 15. Marines are to be paid by the purser of the vessel while
they are on board, and charged the same as the vessel’s crew. Pay
rolls signed by the purser, and countersigned by the marine officer,
are to' be regularly transmitted to the auditor of the treasury.
NAVY AGENTS.
Art. 1. The navy agent being the person appointed to purchase
supplies for the service of the. navy, pay bills, and sell off all sur-
plus or useless stores, is required to observe and abide by the fol-
lowing regulations, stipulations, and instructions, as well as such
instructions of other officers detailed in this volume, as have a bear-
ing upon the duties assigned to him; and he is not to expect that
any irregularity or omission in the filling up of the several forms
referred to herein, for the keeping of his accounts, will pass un-
noticed.
Art. 2. All supplies for vessels repairing at the navy yard, or in
ordinary, are to be furnished' by the agents on the requisition of
the commander.
Art. 3. Stores, provisions, and supplies of every description,
purchased by an agent for the naval service of Texas, are to be .ob-
tained at the lowest rates, and of the best quality; and upon the pre-
sentment of his accounts at the treasury department, he must
produce such account attested by the signature of the commanding
officer, in proof of accuracy. He must also produce, at the same
time, the different requisitions which were made upon him for sup-
plies, signed and countersigned, in proof of his authority for pur-
chases: and lastly, he must exhibit the receipts of the respective
officers to whom the supplies were delivered. Without each and
every of these documents, his accounts shall not be settled, nor
shall he receive a credit for any account not vouched as above re-
quired.
Art. 4. All articles sent on board public vessels, by an agent,
are to be delivered to the commanding' officer, or such person as he
may authorize to receive them, otherwise their delivery shall be at
the risk of the agent.
Art. 5. Provisions and stores, purchased by an agent, are
75 —VOL. 1.
(1185)