126
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
to be surveyed when received on board; and if it appears by the
report of the surveying officer, that they are unfit for the service,
they are to be returned to the agent, and, on settlement, the cap-
tain is to refuse to admit them in the account against the vessel,
and to transmit to the secretary of the navy a duplicate of the re-
port of survey, accompanied by such remarks as the case may make
necessary.
Abt. 6. Every cask and package of provisions or supplies, (bread
excepted,) wet or dry, must be numbered, and have the contents
thereof distinctly marked on it, as to quantity and kind, as well as
the time when, place where, and by whom purchased or furnished.
The casks are to be marked on the head, and the packages on some
proper and conspicuous part of them.
Art. 7. Every navy agent must forward his accounts with the
necessary vouchers for settlement, to the auditor of the treasury,
quarterly, to wit: On the first days of January, April, July, and
October; in which must be distinctly stated the moneys expended,
and articles furnished for each vessel, and for other purposes. He
will also be required to exhibit an account of the articles purchased
and remaining in his possession, of those delivered over for sale; a
statement of the sales of old or unserviceable articles, ■ and a par-
ticular account of the moneys unexpended, and remaining in his
hands.
Abt. 8. No moneys are to be paid over by an agent, nor pur-
chases, or sales made, nor any expenses incurred, except with the'
knowledge and sanction of the commanding officer of the squadron,
or under particular instructions from the secretary of the navy.
Art. 9. Every agent who shall, for two successive quarters, ne-
glect to send in his accounts for settlement, as required, unless spe-
cially exempted by the secretary of the navy, shall, from thencefor-
ward, not be allowed any of the emoluments appertaining to the
office he holds; and if he neglects for three successive quarters to
send them in, his powers as agent shall totally cease, and his com-
mission be null and void.
ART. 10. Agents shall not be concerned directly or indirectly in
any supplies which it may be their duty to furnish the navy; and
if it shall be found that they have participated in the profits of any
such supplies, they shall be dismissed from their offices, and will
be prosecuted to the amount of their bonds.
Art. 11. Navy agents shall not advance money to pursers
or other officers of a vessel, when destined on service, unless by
(1186 )