Laws of the Republic of Texas.
129
said corporation, and doing and performing all things which are
necessary and common for companies of a similar nature to- do, not
contrary to the provisions of this charter, as hereinafter enacted,
or to the constitution of this republic.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted,- That the said company shall have
banking privileges, with a capital stock of five millions of dollars,
as well as the right of connecting the waters of the Rio Grande
and the Sabine, by means of internal navigation and rail-roads,
from and to such particular points of connection as may be agreed
upon and selected by said company, with a privilege also of con-
structing such branches, either by canals or rail-roads, to connect
with the main line above named, as may be agreed upon and de-
termined by said company.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That the capital stock of said
company, shall be five millions of dollars, and be divided into fifty
thousand shares, of one hundred dollars each; and that Messrs.
Branch T. Archer, James Collinsworth, and their present asso-
ciates, be, and are hereby appointed directors of said company; and
whose duty it shall be to do and perform all the business in-
cumbent upon them as such, necessary to the successful operation
of said bank, and the completion of said works; and the same shall
continue in office until their successors shall be duly elected and
qualified.
Sec. -1. Be it further enacted, That the aforesaid directors, their
successors or assigns, shall have full power to borrow money upon
the faith of this charter, and also to pledge such property, real or
personal, of their own, for the payment of the same, as in their
wisdom may best conduce to the interest of said corporation; and
also to do and perform, as directors of said bank, every thing neces-
sary and proper in carrying it into complete operation; which said
bank shall not go into operation until it has a specie capital of
one million of dollars paid in: and it shall not be lawful for said
bank to charge more, upon any paper, bond, or note by it dis-
counted, than ten per cent, per annum; but shall have the privi-
lege of buying and selling bills of exchange, at such rates as the
market may afford for the time being; and that the said directors
shall have full power to enact such by-laws, rules, and regulations,
for the government of said bank, and the works therewith connect-
ed, as they may deem necessary for the use and protection of the
same, and for the election of directors and all other matters.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That upon the going into
operation of said bank, said company shall pay over to the trea-
(1189 )