130
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
surer of Texas a bonus, in gold or silver, as shall be required, the
sum of twenty-five thousand dollars, and also two and one-half
per cent, per annum, upon the nett profits arisihg from the tolls,
fees, and charges, of such canals and rail-roads as may be con-
structed, so long as such charter shall continue; and also the said
government or republic of Texas, shall have a free privilege of
transporting all soldiers, provisions, ammunitions, and munitions
of war, and also all transports and ships of war, free of tolls or
other charges.
Sec. 6. Be it further enacted, That said charter shall continue
in full force and virtue, for and during the period of forty-nine
years from the passage of this act, at the end of which time
the said company shall have the privilege of renewing the same for
a like period, by paying to the government five hundred thousand
dollars in gold or silver, and by further paying thereafter of five
per cent, per annum, upon the nett profits arising upon all tolls,
fees, and charges of said works.
Sec. 7. Be it further enacted, That so soon as said bank shall
go into operation, it shall be the duty of said company to commence
said improvements, and complete the same as soon thereafter as
the means of said company will permit.
Sec. 8. Be it further enacted, That if, at any time from and
after the passage of this act, in the opinion of the company, the
commercial wants of the country, and the welfare of rhe company
shall require it, said capital stock may be increased to the sum of
ten millions of dollars, by paying over to the government or state
of Texas, at that time, a further bonus of one hundred thousand
dollars: provided, in no instance shall said company discount more
than three dollars to one upon the capital paid in: and provided
furthermore, that upon failure of said bank to redeem promptly
its issues in gold or silver, upon presentation, such of its bills as
should be protested for non-payment according to law, shall, from
the date of such protest, bear an interest of ten per cent, per an-
num, until paid, and for the payment of which, all the chartered
property of said company shall be held responsible.
Sec. 9. Be it further enacted. That any person or persons who
may own lands through which said company shall wish to
run said rail-roads or canals, and shall refuse to allow the same,
said company may, by applying to the county court of the county
in which said land may be situated, for a writ of ad quod damnum,
directing the sheriff of said county to summon a jury of six free-
holders, who shall assess the damage which said road or canal
(1190)