Laws of the Republic of Texas.
131
may cause, and award the same to the owner or owners of said
lands, and upon the payment, by the company, either to the sheriff
of said county, or to the party so refusing, such award, together .
with the sum of two dollars per day for each of the jurymen, for
each and every day so employed, and ten dollars to the sheriff, shall
thereby have a good and bona fide title to such land, stone, timber,
or other building materials, as shall be awarded; and should the
said company wish to occupy any portion of the public lands, by
their improvements, they shall have the right to take possession
of, any pay to the government the minimum price of such
-lands, provided however, that said company shall not be permitted
to occupy more than one half mile of such public land from their
works, on either side.
Sec. 10. Be it further enacted, That if any person or persons
whatsoever, shall wilfully, by any means whatever, injure, molest,
or destroy any part of the roads or canals constructed by said com-
pany under this act, or any of their works, buildings, fixtures, or
machines, or other property, such person or persons so offending
shall, each of them, be liable for all damage occasioned thereby; and
at any time within twelve months after such offence shall have been
committed, and upon conviction, be punished by a fine not exceed-
ing ten thousand dollars, or imprisonment not exceeding twelve
months, or both, at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 11. Be it further enacted, That the said company shall
have the power to locate the bank at such place as they may think
proper, and to establish as many branches thereof as they may
think the necessities of the community require.
Sec. 12. Be it further enacted, That the executive shall annu-
ally appoint a government commissioner, whose business it shall
be to examine into the circumstances of said corporation, and re-
port thereon, whether the government bonus has been properly
made out and paid over to the proper officer of the government, to
receive the same. The pay of said commissioner, to be hereafter
determined by some future congress, to be paid by said institution.
Sec. 13. Be it further enacted, That in the event the first named
bonus of twenty-five thousand dollars, shall not be paid within
eighteen months from and after the passage of this act, the said
charter shall be forfeited, and forever thereafter be null and void.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That said company shall
not issue any note for a smaller sum than five dollars, neither
( U91 )