Laws of the Republic of Texas.
135
of the land scrip, and the sale of a league and labor of land on the
east end of Galveston Island, which have or may come into the
hands of our agent, David White of Mobile, be, and are hereby ex-
clusively appropriated for the purpose of furnishing our army with
supplies of clothing, provisions, and munitions of Avar: provided that
the appropriations made by this resolution shall not be so con-
strued as to affect any previous appropriations made by this con-
gress out of said funds.
IRA INGRAM,
Speaker of the house of representatives.
RICHARD ELLIS,
President pro tem. of the senate.
Approved, Dec. 19, 1836.
SAM. HOUSTON.
AN ACT,
Establishing Fees of Office.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the senate and house of representatives
of the republic of Texas in congress assembled. That it shall be
lawful for the clerks of the supreme court, clerks of the district
courts, clerks of the county courts, clerks of the courts of probate,
county recorders, judges of probate, justices of the peace, attorneys
and counsellors at law, attorney general, notaries public, sheriffs,
coroners, constables, and chief justices of the county courts re-'
spectively, to demand and receive the several fees hereinafter men-
tioned, for any business by them respectively done by virtue of
their several offices, and no more; that is to say:—
TO THE CLERKS OF THE SUPREME COURT,
For entering the appearance of either party in person or by at-
torney, fifty cents: for every rule entered on rule docket, fifty
cents; for copy of every rule, seventy-five cents; for entering every
continuance, one dollar; for administering an oath or af-
firmation, twenty-five cents; for docketing cause, to be charged
but once, seventy-five cents; for entering every judgment, two dol-
lars; for entering every decree, two dollars; for filing the record
upon a writ of error, certiorari, or supersedeas, seventy-five
cents; for taxing costs in any suit or action and copy
thereof, one dollar; for every order in court, seventy-five cents; for
a search for any thing above a year’s standing and reading if re-
(1195 )