Laws of the Republic of Texas.
137
TO THE CLERKS. OF THE COUNTY COURTS.
For like services by them performed, the same tees as are by law
allowed to the clerks of the district courts.
TO THE CLERKS OF THE PROBATE COURTS.
For recording the probate of any will or testament,- and for let-
ters testamentary thereon, two dollars; for recording a will, testa-
ment, codicil, an inventory, appraisement for executors’, admin-
istrators’, collectors’, or guardians’ accounts, or any other papers
than herein otherwise provided for, for. every hundred words,
twenty cents; for taking bond and administering oath to executors,
administrators, collectors, or guardians, and recording the same,
two dollars; for letters of administration, collection, or guardian-
ship, and copy of order granting the same, two dollars; for all or-
ders and copies not herein otherwise provided for, for every hun-
dred words, twenty cents.
TO THE COUNTY RECORDERS.
For the oath of a witness or the acknowledgement of the party
to the. signature of any writing, and making certificate of the same,
fifty cents; for all recording, and all copies from his office, for every
hundred words, twenty cents.
TO JUDGES OF PROBATE.
For tailing the probate of any will or testament, two dollars; for
examining, stating, and reporting each account of executors, ad-
ministrators, collectors, or guardians, one-half' per cent, commis-
sion on the amount of such account; for appointing an adminis-
trator, collector, or guardian and appraiser, two dollars; for each
order for the partition of real estate among heirs or devisees, one
dollar; for each order for the appointment of commissioners on
the representation of an estate being insolvent, one dollar; for ap-
portionment of an insolvent’s estate among creditors, five dollars.
TO JUSTICES.'OF THE PEACE.
For each warrant in civil cases, with copy of petition, one dol-
lar; for each warrant in criminal cases, one dollar; for each judg-
ment, seventy-five cents; for each mittimus or recognizance,
seventy-five cents; for each subpoena for witnesses, twenty-five
cents; for each execution, one dollar; for each attachment, in-
cluding bond and affidavit, two dollars; for each appeal, with
(1197)