140
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
TO THE CHIEF JUSTICE OF THE COUNTY COURTS,
For each suit commenced in said court, one dollar, to be taxed
in the bill of costs, and paid by the party cast.
Sec. 2d. The fees herein before mentioned shall be taxed and
allowed in the bill of costs, in all suits or actions, where the ser-
vices, respectively, shall have been rendered; but not more than
one copy of any matter shall be allowed in the bill of costs, neither
shall the clerk tax more than one attorney’s fee in the bill of costs;
and if any party, or their attorney, shall take out copies of their
own declarations or pleadings, or of their own papers, in any cause,
or of any common order made in such cause, the charge of such
copies shall not be allowed in the bill of costs.
Sec. 3d. Every clerk and sheriff shall keep a fee book, and shall
enter therein every fee for each and every distinct service; and said
fee book shall be at all times open for the inspection of any person
wishing to see the account of fees charged against him therein;
none of the fees herein before mentioned shall be payable until
there be producd, or ready to be produced, a bill in writing, con-
taining the particulars of such fees, sighed by the proper officer.
Sec. 4th. It shall be lawful for the clerks of the several courts
of this republic, when suits or causes are determined, and the fees
not paid by the party from whom they are due, to make out execu-
tions, directed to the sheriff or other proper officer of the county,
where the party resides, and the sheriff or other proper officer shall
execute and return such executions as in other cases, provided that
a copy of the bill of costs is annexed to such executions.
Sec. 5th. The clerks of each and every district shall, before
issuing any original process to bring any person to any suit or ac-
tion, demand and receive of the plaintiff in such suit or action, a
tax of three dollars on all such process; and the clerks of the county
courts shall, in like manner, demand and receive one dollar, on
all such process issuing out of any county court; which tax, so
collected, shall be paid into the county treasury of the
proper county. Any clerk who shall fail or neglect to demand
and receive the tax aforesaid, shall be held responsible for said
tax, in the same manner as if he had actually received the same;
and in every case wherein the plaintiff shall recover, the said
tax shall be included in the bill of costs; and any officer herein
named, who shall charge and receive a greater fee than is herein
( 1200)