142
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
the view of such justices; and in ease any person shall refuse to
enter into recognizance as aforesaid, and to find security when re-
quired, it shall be lawful for justices of.the peace to commit the
person so refusing to the county jail, there to remain until he shall
comply with the order of such justice; and all recognizance so
taken, shall be certified to the proper court for the county, at the
next term thereafter; and if any person shall forfeit his recogniz-
ance, it shall be sent and certified with the record of default or
cause of forfeiture, by the justice, to the proper court without de-
lay.
Seo. 5. Any justice of the peace shall, by warrant under his
hand, cause any person charged on oath of having committed or
being suspected of any crime or misdemeanor, to be apprehended
and brought before him; and if, in the opinion of such justice,
there is sufficient cause to commit such person to the county jail,
where such offence is not bailable, or where the offender is unable
or unwilling to give bail, to appear before the proper court, to
answer to the crime charged.
Sec. 6. Any justice of the peace shall issue a search warrant
for stolen goods, on the oath of any credible person, particularly
describing the place or persons suspected and intended to be
searched, and the article for which search is made.
Sec. 7. When any person charged with a crime shall be brought
before any justice, he shall take the voluntary information of the
accused in writing, and the information on oath of all witnesses
that appear, concerning the crime alleged to have been commit-
ted; and the accused shall have the privilege of putting any ques-
tions he thinks proper, which questions and answers shall be writ-
ten down. It shall be the duty of the justice to transmit a copy
•of all such examinations to the next succeeding term of the proper
•court.
Sec. 8. If any person, charged with a criminal. offence, shall
■remove or escape from the county where such offence is alleged
to have been committed, into another county, it shall be the duty
•of any justice of the peace for the county where such person may
be, to endorse the warrant of any justice of the peace where the
•offence was committed, which shall be sufficient authority
for arresting such offender, in any place within the juris-
diction of such justice; and such criminal shall be carried to the
•county where the offence was committed, for examination. Sub-
poenas for witnesses may issue to any county, on the part of
the republic, where it is necessary for bringing an offender to
justice, which shall be executed by any officer authorized to exe-
( 1202 )