Laws of the Republic of Texasi
143
cute process in the county where such witness resides; and any jus-
tice of the peace of the county to which any offender may have re-
.moved or escaped, shall, on the oath of any credible person, arrest
and have conveyed to the proper county for examination, any per-
son charged with crime.
Sec. 9. Justices of the peace shall have jurisdiction for all suits
and actions for the recovery of money on any account, bond, bill,
promissory note, or other written contract, covenant, or agreement
whatsoever, or for specific articles, where the sum demanded does
not exceed one hundred dollars.
Sec. 10. All suits and actions before a justice of the peace, shall
be commenced and executed and returned in the same manner, and
under the same penalties, as provided by the ninth section of the
“act establishing the jurisdiction and powers of the district court,”
so far as is consistent with this act.
Sec. 11. All process from a justice of the peace, in civil suits,
shall be under the hand and seal of such justice, directed to the
■ officer whose duty it shall be to execute the same, shall be return-
able at a certain time and place therein named, not less than ten,
nor more than thirty days from the time of issuing the same; and
on return thereof, the justice shall proceed to hear and determine
■ the case on its merits, if the parties appear; give judgment by de-
fault, if the defendant fail to appear and contest the plaintiff’s de-
mand, or enter judgment of “non suit” against the plaintiff if he
fail to appear and prosecute his claim, and shall issue execution
against the goods and chattels of the party against whom judgment
is so entered, for the amount of judgment and cost, or costs alone,
as the case may require, returnable at the time and place to be
therein stated, not less than fifteen nor more than thirty days. Any
justice may, for good cause shown, on oath or affirmation, adjourn
the trial of any cause to a time not exceeding ten days.
Sec. 12. No person shall be sued before any justice of the peace,
except within the district where he resides, or the district where the
debt was contracted, if in the same county.
Sec. 13. On the trial of any cause before a justice of the peace,
if other satisfactory evidence cannot be had concerning the matter
in controversy, the justices shall proceed to examine the parties
or either of them, on oath, and give such judgment as may appear
to be just and equitable.
Sec. 14. Every justice of the peace shall make a fair record,
in a book that he shall keep for that purpose, of the proceedings
in all suits and examinations had before him.
(1203 )