Laws of the Republic of, Texas.
145
depute any reputable person to execute any process issued by them.
Sec. 20. All fines and penalties assessed by virtue of this act,
shall be paid into the county treasury of the proper county.
Sec. 21, It shall be the duty of every justice of the peace in
this republic, on the first Monday of January in every year, to
make a return to the county treasurer of his county, of all fines
and penalties which he shall have assessed during the twelve
months preceding, and to pay so much thereof as he shall have
collected; and any justice who shall fail to make such return, and
pay over the money by him received as aforesaid, shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor in office, and on conviction thereof, shall
be removed in the manner prescribed in this act.
Sec. 22. When from any cause a justice of the peace shall
vacate his office, all the books, records, and papers appertaining to
Iris office, shall be transferred to the next justice of the same dis-
trict, who shall complete the business of such justice, in the same.
manner as if originally commenced by himself.
Sec. 23. Be it further enacted, That in all cases where the de-
fendant appears, he shall plead, in offset, all debts knoyn to be due
him by the plaintiff; and the justice shall render judgment for
such sum as may appear to be due, either to the plaintiff or the
defendant, as the evidence may require; and in case of a failure of
any defendant or defendants so to plead his debt or demand, in
offset, the said debt or demand shall not be recoverable thereafter;
provided, however, that in all cases the said party may sue for and
recover the same so due him, if he can show good and satisfactory
cause why he did not plead such due or demand in compensation
on the day of trial.
Sec. 24. No justice shall sit in judgment in any suit in which
he may be interested, or where he may be related in the third de-
gree to. either plaintiff or defendant; and in all such cases the suit
shall be tried by the justice of the precinct not so interested or
related; and in case both of said justices shall be so interested or
related, then, and in that case, the suit shall be tried, and deter-
mined by the justices nearest adjoining, not so interested or re-
lated; and for the further government of the justices' court, the
rules prescribed in an act establishing the jurisdiction and powers
of the district courts, shall apply in all cases, when they are not
inconsistent with this act.
Sec. 25. . County commissioners, the justices of the peace,
and the chief justice of the county court, shall constitute a board
(1205 )