146
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
of commissioners for their respective counties; which board shall
have the entire superintendence and control of roads, highways,
ferries, and bridges, and of the poor within said counties.
Sec. 26. The said board of commissioners shall meet at the
court house of their respective counties, in the months of January,
April, July, and October, of each year, on such days as shall be
designated by the president of the board; and when so assembled,
shall have authority to establish ferries, determine the tolls of
the same, to order the laying out of roads where necessary, direct
where bridges shall be built, and contract for building the same,
at the expense of the county; to discontinue all roads now or here-
after made, that are deemed useless; and to alter roads so as to
make them more useful.
Sec. 27. The chief justice of the county court shall be ex-officio
president of the board, and shall cause a record to be made of the '
proceedings of the board, which record shall be made by the clerk
of the county court. In the absence of the president of the board,
a president pro tempore shall be chosen.
Sec. 28. •A majority of justices shall be necessary to constitute
a board; and if any justice fail to attend the meetings of said board,
he shall forfeit and pay a fine to the county treasury of not less
than twenty-five nor more than fifty dollars, recoverable before
any justice of the peace of the county, unless in the opinion of said
board, he shall render a reasonable excuse..
Sec. 29. It shall be the duty of said board of commissioners to
provide, at the expense of the county, for the support of indigent,
lame, and blind persons, who are unable to support themselves.
Sec. 30. The said board of commissioners shall, in the month
of January of each year, levy a tax, which shall be sufficient to dis-
charge the demands on their respective counties, upon the same
persons and property as are subject to a state tax, whjch shall be
assessed and collected by the same officers, and in the same manner
that taxes due to the republic are collected, and shall be paid into
the hands of the county treasurer at the same time, and under the
same regulations and restrictions as may be provided by law for the
due collection and payment of taxes levied by the republic.
IRA INGRAM,
Speaker of the house of representatives.
RICHARD ELLIS,
President pro tem. of the senate.
Approved, Dec. 20, 1836.
SAM. HOUSTON.
( 1206 )