Laivs of the Republic of Texas.
151
court, to make a correct list of the freeholders of their respective
counties, which shall be filed in their offices: they shall enter the
names on such list upon separate slips of paper, and deposit, them
in a box to be kept for that’purpose; at every-term of said court,
or on failure of a term of said court, in presence of one of the jus-
tices of said court, the clerk and sheriff shall draw from said box
cne by one,, the names of sixteen persons, to serve as jurors at the
next succeeding term of said court, and the names of said persons
so drawn, shall be entered upon the minutes of said court, and
the said jurors shall be summoned in the same manner as the ju-
rors for the district court, and so much of the “act establishing the
jurisdiction and powers of the district courts,” as relates to'jurors
and witnesses, shall apply to all jurors and witnesses for the county
courts,, so far as suited to the organization of said county courts.
Sec. 12. It shall be the duty of the clerks of the county courts
to perform the duties of treasurer, and to procure, at the expense
of the county, a seal, for the use of their respective courts, with
the style of the court around the margin thereof, and a star of five
points in the centre.
Sec. 13. Any party may appeal from any final judgment or de-
cision of any County court, provided the amount in controversy
shall exceed two hundred dollars, to the district court, for said
county, in the same manner and under the same restrictions as
provided in the sixteenth section of an “act establishing the juris-
dicition and powers of the district court,” and the forty-second
section of the aforesaid act, shall apply equally to the county
courts, so far as is consistent with this act..
Sec. 14. A transcript of the record in all appeals from a justice
of the peace to the county courts, shall be filed in the office of the
clerk of said court on or before the first day of the next succeed-
ing term, who shall enter the same on his docket in proper order;
and all such appeals shall be heard and determined by said court,
“de novo,” without the intervention of a jury, on all sums under
twenty-one dollars, but on all sums over that amount, a jury may
he had on application of either party.
Sec. 15. The records of each day’s proceedings of the county
court shall be read in open court, on the morning of each succeed-
ing day, and at the close of the term shall be signed by the jus-
tices attending the same.
Sec. 16. The several county courts shall have power to punish
all contempts of such courts, in the same manner as provided by
law for the district courts.
(1211)