152
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
Sec. 17. The justices of the county courts shall be conservators
of the peace within their, respective counties, and shall have power,
by warrant, to cause any person or persons, charged with a crimi-
nal offence, to be arrested, and to take all manner of recognizances
returnable into the court having jurisdiction of the same.
Sec. 18. The said courts shall have power to hear and de-
termine all motions, reasonable notice being given to the adverse
party, against sheriffs or other officers for money received on exe-
cution or other process from said court, which they have neglected
to pay on demand, to the party entitled to the same; and all mo-
tions against attorneys and counsellors at law for neglecting or
refusing to pay money received for their clients, in any case in-
stituted in said courts, and award judgment and execution for the
same.
The chief justices of the county courts shall have power to grant
the same remedial process as a district judge, provided that no
such writ or process shall extend to any act of a district judge;
or relate to any business pending before a district court, or which
may be exclusively cognizable before it.
Sec. 19. All process from any county court shall be executed
and returned by the sheriff of the proper county, and the sheriff
of each county shall attend on the county court of his county, and
perform all the duties required of him by law, by virtue of his
office; and shall cause his deputy, or summon a constable of his
county to attend each term of said court, who shall attend ac-
cordingly, or pay a fine, to be assessed by the court, not exceeding
twenty dollars.
Sec. 20. The several county courts of this republic shall pro-
cure, and cause to be kept in repair, within their respective coun-
ties, a good and convenient building for holding courts, and also
a suitable building for a jail or county prison, to be well secured,
the expense of which shall be paid by the proper county.
Sec. 21. All expenses which may be incurred for the safe keep-
ing of criminals in the several counties of the republic, shall be
paid out of the treasury of the republic, and the certificates of the
proper judges shall be sufficient voucher for auditing such ac-
count.
Sec. 22. The county court of each .county shall, in term
time, audit and allow, on proper proof, all accounts and demands
legally chargeable upon their respective counties; and all ac-
counts and demands, so allowed, shall be recorded by the clerk
of said court in a book to be kept for that purpose, and the clerk
(1212)