Laws of the Republic of Texas.
153
shall issue a warrant for all such accounts and demands audited,
upon the county treasurer, which shall be signed officially, with
the seal of the court.
Sec. 23. The county courts shall make allowance of the sums
of money necessary for supplying the clerk’s office with stationary,
books, tables, and presses, to be paid out of the county treasury.
Sec. 24. The chief justices of the county courts shall be judges
of probate for their respective counties, shall take the probate of
wills, grant letters of administration on the estates of persons de-
ceased, who were inhabitants of, or resident in said county, at
the time of their decease, shall appoint guardians to minors, idiots,
and lunatics, and in conjunction with the associate justices, shall
examine and settle the accounts of executors, administrators, and
guardians; and said chief justice shall have full jurisdiction of all
testamentary and other matters appertaining to a probate court,
within their respective counties.
Sec. 25. The chief justice shall hold a probate court at the
court house of their respective counties, on the last Monday of
every month in the year, except in cases when the county courts
shall be held on the last Monday in any month, and in such case
the probate court shall be held on the Monday next preceding; and
they may hold a special court for the transaction of any businesss
within their jurisdiction, provided ten days’ notice is given by ad-
vertisement, at three of the most public places in different parts
of the county, of the time of holding said court, and of all busi-
ness to be acted on at such special term.
Sec. 26. Any person may appeal from any decision or decree
of any court of probate, within ten days after such decision or de-
cree shall have been rendered, to the district court of the county,
provided such appellant shall give bond with good and sufficient
security, to be approved by said court of probate, conditioned that
said appellant shall prosecute said appeal to effect, and perform
the sentence, judgment or decree which the said district court
shall make therein, in case the cause be decided against said ap-
pellant.
Sec. 27. When any appeal shall be taken on any decision or
decree of a court of probate, the. clerk of such court shall im-
mediately make out a full and perfect record of all the proceed-
ings in such case; and shall, on the application of either party,
give to such party an attested copy of such record, which shall
be transmitted to the district court; and the said district court
(1213)