Laws of the Republic of Texas.
155
Notaries Public.
Sec. 34. The chief justices of the several county courts shall
be, ex-officio, notaries public for their respective counties; they
shall have power to administer oaths and affirmations in all mat-
ters relating to their notarial office, shall have power to receive the
proof or acknowledgments of all instruments of writing relating
to commerce or navigation, and also to make declarations and tes-
tify to the truth thereof, under their seal of office, concerning all
matters done by them in virtue of their offices; they shall keep
a register of all official acts done by virtue of their offices, and,
when required, shall give a certified copy of any record of their
offices to any one applying for the same; and for all acts done by
them, as notary, they shall receive such fees as may be provided
by law; the seal of the county court shall be the notarial seal, and
shall be fixed to all instruments and attestations of the respective
notaries.
RECORDERS.
Sec. 35. The clerks of the county courts shall be the recorders
for their respective counties, and it shall be their duty to record
all deeds, conveyances, mortgages, and other liens, and all other
instruments of writing required by law to be recorded in their
offices, which are presented to them, provided one of the witnesses
of the number required by law shall swear to the signature of the
signer, or he himself shall acknowledge the same, which shall be
certified by the recorder, and form part of the record; and all deeds,
conveyances, mortgages, and other liens shall be recorded in the
county where the property is situated.
Sec. 36. It shall be the duty of the recorder to give attested
copies whenever demanded, of all papers recorded in his office; and
the recorder shall receive, for all such copies, and all other wtiting
required of him by virtue of his office, such fees as may be pro-
vided by law.
Sec. 37. Any person who owns or claims land of any descrip-
tion, by deed, lien, or any other color of title, shall, within twelve
months from the first day of April next, have the same proven in
open court, and recorded in the office of the clerk of the county
court in which said land is situated; but if a tract of land lies on
the county line, the title may be recorded in the county in which
part of said land lies.
Sec. 38. All titles, liens, mortgages, or other color of title,
(1215)