156
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
before they can be admitted upon record, must be proven by at
least two subscribing witnesses, if living in the county, and if not
so living in the county, then the hand writing shall be proven
either before some county judge, or before the clerk of the county
court in whose office such record is proposed to be made; and in.
all cases the certificate of any county judge, that the said witness
appeared before him and acknowledged his signature, or that the
hand writing of the same was duly proven, shall be sufficient evi-
dence to authorize the clerk of the county court to enter such title,
lien, mortgage, or other color of title upon record; and the said
clerk for recording the same, shall be entitled to charge and re
ceive the sum of twenty cents for every hundred words.
Sec. 39. Any actual settler, who is a citizen of this republic,
who may have and hold peaceable possession of any tract or parcel
of land under a color of title duly proven and recorded in the
proper county, for a term of five years from and after recording
of said color of title or titles, his, her, or their claim shall be con-
sidered good and valid, barring the claim or claims of any and
every person or persons whatsoever, minors, feme coverts, and
persons non compos mentis excepted, who shall have, and be al-
lowed two years after their maturity, marriage, or return to a sound,
mind, to demand and commence an action for his, her, or their
claims, and no more. A peaceable possession can only be inter-
rupted by an actual suit being instituted and prosecuted agreeably
to the due forms of law, against the holder or holders thereof: pro-
vided that this act shall not affect the rights of any person who
may have been prevented from complying with the provisions of
this law, by reason of an enemy having had possession of the coun-
try, or for want of a proper court or officer having been established
in due time: and provided further, that this act shall not give
validity to claims unlawfully obtained from government.
Sec. 40. No deed, conveyance, lien, or other instrument of
writing, shall take effect as regards the interests and rights of third
parties, until the same shall have been duly proven and presented
to the court, as required by this act, for the recording of land
titles. And it shall be the duty of the clerk to note particularly
the time when such deed, conveyance, lien, or other instrument is
presented, and to record them in the order in which they are pre-
sented.
Sec. 41. The common law of England, as now practiced
and understood, shall,-in its application to juries and to evidence,
(1216)