158
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
intrusted by the court to lay out the road so ordered, to the great-
est advantage of the inhabitants, and as little as may be to the
prejudice of enclosures; which road shall be opened thirty feet
in width.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That all free males, Indians ex-
cepted, between the age of eighteen and forty-five years, and all
male slaves over sixteen and under fifty years of age, shall be liable
to work on public roads.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That the county courts of the
several counties are hereby authorized and required to lay off all
public roads into precincts, and shall, at the first session of their
courts in each and every year, appoint one overseer for each pre-
cinct, and shall at the same time apportion and designate the
hands liable to work on public roads, and under overseers of the
several precincts.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of the
clerk of the ’county courts, to make out and deliver, within ten
days after the adjournment of the court, to the sheriff of his
county, a copy of the order of court, appointing the several over-
seers, and the hands liable to work under them; and the sheriff
shall, within twenty days after the reception of the order, deliver
to, or leave the same at the common residence of the overseer,
.and on failure of the clerk or sheriff to deliver such orders herein
-directed, each shall forfeit and pay for every such failure, ten dol-
lars, which fines- shall be recovered by judgment, on motion of the
.solicitor of the superior court of the county in which the defaulter
shall reside. The said defaulter having three days notice of said
motion, without the interposition of a jury, except the defaulter
;shall require it.
Sec. 6. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of the
clerks of the county courts, to put up in their respective court
houses, a list of the names of the overseers and their respective
precincts, in their county; and on neglect thereof shall forfeit and
pay the sum of ten dollars, to be recovered in the manner pre-
scribed in the fifth section of this act.
Sec. 7. Be it further enacted, That if any overseer so appointed
shall refuse to serve without a reasonable excuse to be judged by
the county court, he shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty-five
dollars, to be recovered in the manner prescribed in the fifth sec-
tion of this act.
Sec. 8. Be it further enacted, That overseers of the roads
shall have power to call out all persons liable to work on public
roads in their precinct, at any time when it may appear neces-
(1218)