162'
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
public road; without having first obtained permission, so to do, as
directed by the 11th section of this act; and every such person or
persons as shall have erected any fence, bar, or impediment, or
fell trees or brush in any public road contrary to this act; and it
shall be the duty of the solicitor of the superior court, upon such
presentments being made by the grand jury, after giving such de-
faulter three days’ notice to move the court for judgment in the
manner prescribed by the fifth section of this act: provided, how-
ever, that the court shall hear the excuse of any overseer, keeper
or owner of any public ferry, who may have violated the provisions
• of this section of this act; and on good cause shown for the de-
fault, then, and in that case, no judgment shall be awarded.
Sec. 18. Be it further enacted, That it is hereby made the duty
of all overseers, clerks, and other officers into whose hands may
be paid any money, arising from fines, penalties, or forfeitures,
under this act, and not otherwise ordered by this act, to pay the
same over to the county treasurer of the county in which the same
may be, within ten days after the same may come into his or their
hands, and if any overseer of the road, clerk, or other officers fails
or neglects to do so, he or they shall forfeit for every such failure
or neglect, the sum of fifty dollars, to be recovered in the manner
prescribed by the fifth section of this act.
Sec. 19. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of
the county treasurer of the several counties in this republic to re-
ceive all moneys directed to be paid them by this act, and to keep
a separate and distinct account of the same, under the title of
“Road Bund;” which moneys shall be under the control of the
county court, and shall be appropriated by them only for the pur-
pose of repairing the public roads, opening new roads, building
and repairing bridges, causeways, &c., in the county in which the
same has been recovered.
Sec. 20. Be it father enacted, That the county courts
through whose county large' creeks or water courses shall pass,
over which it may be too burthensome for the overseers, with
the hands apportioned to them to work on roads, to build bridges,
may contract with a proper person or persons to build a toll-
bridge, for which the court shall lay the toll to. be levied on all
persons, cattle, horses, carriages, &c., passing over the same, to
be granted to the undertaker, for such a number of years as the.
said court may think proper, not to exceed ten years; and the
builder or builders, and their successors shall keep the bridge in
(1222 )