Laws of the Republic of Texas.
163
constant repair during the terin of the contract, and in default
thereof shall forfeit all right and claim to the toll of such bridges.
Sec. 21. Be it further enacted, That the county court before
granting a license to any person to build a toll-bridge, shall take
bond in the sum of one thousand dollars, with good and sufficient
securities, conditioned that the undertaker or undertakers shall
build and keep in constant repair, the bridges so contemplated,
for the term of years agreed upon, between the undertaker or
undertakers and the court; and if any person or persons shall sus-
tain damages in consequence of the owner or keeper of any toll-
bridge not having complied with the conditions of his bond, the
person or persons so damaged may bring an action of debt against
the owner or keeper of such toll-bridge, on his or their bond, in the
name of the judge of the county court and his successors in office,
of the county in which such license was granted, and recover judg-
ment for the damages so sustained, and in the manner prescribed
bv the seventeenth section of this act.
IEA INGRAM,
Speaker of the house of representatives.
EICHAED ELLIS,
President pro tem. of the senate.
Approved, Dec. 20, 1836.
SAM. HOUSTON.
AN ACT
To organize and fix the Military establishment of the Republic
of Texas.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the senate and house of representa-
tives of the republic of Texas in congress assembled, That from
and after the passage of this act, the Military establishment of the
republic of Texas, besides the volunteers and mounted rifle corps
and militia available for the defence of the country, under the
orders of the president, shall be composed of one regiment of
cavalry, one regiment of artillery and four regiments of infantry;
with such officers of engineers, of ordnance and of the staff as are
hereinafter provided for.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, &c. That the regiment of cav-
airy shall consist of one colonel, one lieutenant colonel, one ma-
jor, one adjutant, one assistant quarter master, one assistant
(1223)