Laws of the Republic of Texas.
167
sons he shall employ, or, who may he employed in any of the de-
partments of the general post office, relative to their several du-
ties. He shall provide for the carrying of the mail on all post
roads that are or may be established by law as aforesaid, as often
as he may think proper, having regard to the productiveness there-
of. He shall obtain from the several postmasters, their accounts
and vouchers for the receipts and expenditures of their several
offices, once in every three months, or oftener if he think proper,
shewing the balance therein in favor or against the general post
office. He shall pay all necessary expenses incident to the general
post office, in consequence of mails, collection of the revenue, and
in the general management thereof, from the income of the gen-
eral post office department, if the receipts thereof be sufficient. He'
shall, in his annual communication to the executive of this Repub-
lic, report all the receipts and expenditures of the department, and
any deficiency in the funds necessary for the current expenses
thereof, who shall submit the same to congress, whose duty it shall
be, to provide ways and means for supplying such deficiency. He
shall prosecute or cause to be' prosecuted, all offences against the
general post office establishment. He shall render an account cur-
rent to the general government of Texas, once in every three
months, of all the receipts and expenditures in the said depart-
ment, to be adjudicated and settled as other public accounts; at
the same time, stating generally, the condition of the department,
suggesting such improvements, as in his opinion, may be useful ■
and necessary; and he shall render his first quarterly account on
the first day of April next. He shall have general superintendence
of the business of said department, in all the duties that are or
may be assigned to it: provided, that in case of the death, resigna-
tion or removal from office, of postmaster general, all the duties
of the department shall be performed by his assistant chief.clerk, ‘
until a successor shall be appointed to take charge of the general
post office.
Sec. 2.. Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,
That the postmaster general and assistant clerks and postmas-
ters, and other persons employed in and about the department,
or in the care, custody or conveyance of the mails, shall, previous-
ly to their entering upon the respective duties assigned them,
take and subscribe the following oath or affirmation, in addi-
tion to the oaths required by all officers of the government, be-
fore some person legally authorized to administer an oath:—
That I will faithfully perform all the duties required of me, and
( 1227 )