168
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
abstain from every thing forbidden by the laws, in relation to the
establishment of the general post office and post roads.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,
That the postmaster general may provide by contract for the con-
veyance of the mail on any road on which a stage or wagon, or any
other stage carriage, shall be established, on condition, that the
expenses thereof, shall not exceed the income thence arising. All
contracts for carrying the mail, whether on horseback or otherwise,
shall be for any .term not exceeding two years, revocable at the
pleasure of the postmaster general, and at all times, subject to. such
alterations as to time of departure, arrivals and distances, and fre-
• quency of transportation, as he may think proper; subject, how-
ever, to an increase or diminution on the amount to be paid on
said contract to the contractor, in ratio of increase or diminution
of services required; and it shall be lawful for the postmaster gen-
eral, to impose such fines and forfeitures upon the mail contractors
for all failures they may make, in not regularly and faithfully com-
plying with the terms of their contract, as in his opinion, may be
just and proper: provided, that no fine for a failure in delivering
any mail, shall exceed the pay for one trip.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That
no other than a citizen of this republic, shall be employed in carry-
ing the mail on any of the post roads, either as carrier, rider or
driver; and any and every violation of this act, shall subject the
contractor for each offence, to forfeit and ' pay the sum of one
hundred dollars; one moiety thereof to the use of this republic,
and the other moiety to the use of the person who shall sue for
and prosecute the same before any court having competent juris-
diction thereof.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That
if any person shall knowingly and willingly obstruct or retard the
passage of the mail, or of any driver or carrier, or any horse or
carriage carrying the same, he shall, upon conviction thereof, for
every such offence, pay a fine not exceeding one hundred dollars.
And if any ferryman shall, by wilful neglect or refusal to trans-
port the mail across any ferry, hinder or delay the same, he shall
forfeit and pay for every ten minutes, a sum not exceeding ten
dollars.
Sec. 6. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of
the postmaster general, to give public notice in one or more of
the newspapers of Texas, for at least four weeks before entering
into any contract for carrying the mail, that such contract is in-
( 1228 )