Laws of the Republic of Texas.
169
tended to be closed on the day, and at such place as he may desig-
nate, that sealed proposals will be received for contracts. The
notice shall designate' places from and to which such mail is to be
carried, the time at which it is to be made up, and the days and
hours on which it is to be delivered. He shall, moreover, within
thirty days after the making of any contract, lodge the duplicate
thereof, together with a copy of the proposals which he shall have
received respecting it, in the executive office of Texas; and no con-
tract shall be entered into for a longer time than two years.
Sec. 7. Be it further enacted, That every postmaster shall keep
an office, in which one or more persons shall attend, on every day
on which a mail, or bag, or other packet or parcel of letters shall
arrive by land or water, as well as on such other days and hours
as the postmaster general shall direct, for the purpose of perform-
ing the duties of his office. And it shall be the duty of all post-
masters, at all reasonable hours, on every day of the week, to
deliver on demand, any letter, paper or packet to any person en-
titled to or authorized to receive the same. And all letters brought
to any office, half an hour before the making up of the mail at
such office, shall be forwarded therein.
Sec. 8. Be it further enacted, That no fees or perquisites shall
be received by any person employed in the general post office, on
account of the duties to be performed in virtue of this office.
Sec. 9. Be it further enacted, That the following rates of
postage shall be charged on all letters and packets, except such
as are herein exempted, conveyed by the mails and posts of Texas
—that is to say:—For every letter composing a single sheet of
paper, and conveyed any distance not exceeding fifty miles, six
and a fourth cents; over fifty and not exceeding one hundred miles,
twelve and a half cents; over one hundred and not exceeding two
hundred miles, twenty-five cents; upon all ship letters, six and a
fourth cents shall be charged, in addition to the above rates; on all
letters composed of two pieces of paper, there shall be charged
double the ratio of a single letter; letters composed of three pieces
of paper, triple those rates; and for every packet composed of four
or more pieces of paper or thing, and weighing one ounce, quad-
ruple those rates; and in that proportion for all greater weights.
And for all letters or newspapers going out of Texas, it shall be
the duty of the postmaster to require the postage in advance.
(1229 )