172
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
ceeding one thousand dollars, and be imprisoned not exceeding
twelve months, according to the circumstances or aggravation of
the offence. And if any person employed as aforesaid, shall se-
crete, embezzle or destroy any letter, mail or packet, or bag of
letters with which he shall be entrusted, or which shall have come
into his or their possession, and are intended to be conveyed by
post, containing any bank note, post bill or other paper, expressive
of value; or if any such person employed as aforesaid, shall steal or
take any of the same out of any letter, packet, bag, or mail of let-
ters, that shall come to his possession, he shall for every such of-
fence, be imprisoned for a term not exceeding ten years; and if
any person who shall have taken charge of the mail of Texas, shall
quit or desert the same, before he delivers it into the post office
kept at the termination of his route, or to some known mail carrier
or agent of the general post office, duly authorized to receive the
same; every such person so offending, shall forfeit and pay a sum
not exceeding five hundred dollars for every such offence. And if
any7 person concerned in carrying the mail of Texas, shall cause or
procure the same to be done, contrary to this act, every such of-
fender shall forfeit and pay for every such offence, a sum not ex-
ceeding two hundred dollars.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, &c. That if any person shall
rob any carrier of the mail of Texas, or any other person entrusted
with such mail or any part thereof, every such offender or offenders
shall, on conviction, be imprisoned for a time not to exceed ten
years; and if convicted a second time of a like offence, he or they
shall suffer death; or if in effecting such robbery of the mail the
first time, the offender shall wound the person having the custody
thereof, or put his life in jeopardy by the use of dangerous wea-
pons, such offender or offenders shall suffer death. And if any
person shall attempt to rob the mail of Texas, by assaulting the
person having the custody thereof, by shooting at him, or his
horse or mule, or threaten him with dangerous weapons, and the
robbery is not effected, every such offender, upon conviction
thereof, shall be punished by imprisonment, not exceeding ten
years.. And if any person shall steal the mail, or shall steal and
take out any part thereof, out of any post office, or
any letter or packet:
or if any person shall take the mail, or any
letter' or packet therefrom, or
from any person, whether
with. or without the consent of the person having custody thereof,
the same containing any article of value; or if any person
shall, by fraud or deception, obtain from any person custody
(1232 )