Laws of the Republic of Texas.
179
JOINT RESOLUTION,
For the relief of Messrs. Hooper and Wright.
Whereas Messrs. Hooper and Wright were, at the time they
were required to take their seats in congress serving a tour of duty
in the army of Texas, and had not quite served out the term of
three months, for which they had volunteered, Hooper lacking
fourteen days, and Wright twenty-one, by which circumstance,
they are deprived of the privilege of drawing bounty lands:
Sec. 1. Be it therefore, resolved by the Senate and House of
Representatives of the Republic of Texas, That Richard Hooper
and George W. Wright shall have the same pay in lands that they
would have been entitled to, had they served out their full time;
and the proper officers are hereby authorized to issue certificates
for the same.
IRA INGRAM,
Speaker of the house of representatives.
RICHARD ELLIS,
President pro. tem. of the senate.
Approved, Dec. 20, 1836.
SAM. HOUSTON.
AN ACT
For the election of Sheriffs, Coroners and Constables, and defining
their several duties.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the senate and house of representatives
of the republic of Texas in congress assembled, That there shall
be elected on the first Monday of February, eighteen hundred and
thirty-seven, and at the end of every two years thereafter, by the
qualified electors of each county of this republic, one sheriff, who
shall be commissioned by the president and shall hold
his office for a period of two years. Every person so elected
sheriff, before he enters upon the duties of the office, shall take
the oath prescribed by law for all officers of the government;
and shall enter into bond, with two or more securities, to be ap-
proved by the chief justice of the county court, payable to
the president and his successors in office, in the penalty herein-
after specified, conditioned that he shall well and truly collect,
and pay over to the persons authorized by law’ to receive the
same, all taxes, fines, forfeitures and amercements due to the re-
( 1239 )