Laws of the Republic of Texas.
181
Sec. 4. Whenever any person elected sheriff shall neglect or
refuse to take the oath of office, and enter into bond as required
by this act, within twenty daps after notice thereof, such election
shall be deemed void; and the chief justice of the county court
shall order a new election.
Sec. 5. Whenever any of the securities of a sheriff shall remove
permanently from this republic, or become insolvent, it shall be
the duty of the chief justice of the county court to notify such
sheriff to appear before him, at a certain day and place, and give
a new bond, with other good and sufficient securitiy, in a penalty
equal to the former bond; and if such sheriff shall neglect or re-
fuse so. to do, he shall vacate his office, and the chief justice of
the county court shall order a new election.
Sec. 6. Sheriffs shall have power to appoint by writing under
their hand and seal, one or more deputies for their respective coun-
ties, to continue in office during the pleasure of the sheriff; which
deputies, so appointed, shall have power and authority to perform
all the acts and duties required of their principals; and every per-
son so appointed, before he enters upon the duties of his office,
shall take the oath of office required by law, of all officers, which
shall be certified by the justice who administers the same, on the
back of his appointment; which appointment and certificate shall
be filed and kept in the office of the clerk of the county court.
Sec. 7. Every sheriff within his county, by himself or his dep-
uty, shall execute all writs and other process to him legally issued
and directed from any justice of the peace or court of record, and
shall make due return thereof to the proper court, on the day to
which the same is returnable; and any sheriff who shall fail herein,
or shall make a false return on any writ or other process, shall, .
for every such offence be fined by the court to which such writ or
other process is returnable, in any sum not exceeding one hundred
dollars, on motion, reasonable notice thereof being given to each
sheriff. One moiety of said fine shall go to the party aggrieved,
and the other moiety to the county treasury; and such sheriff shall,
moreover, be liable to the party injured, for all damages he may
sustain thereby.
Sec. 8. The sheriff of any county shall have the same remedy
against any deputy for neglect of duty, that any person can have
against a sheriff.
Sec. 9. Every sheriff and deputy sheriff shall endorse on
all writs or other process whatever, which they may serve, the
date when they served the same, and sign it officially.
(1241 )