184
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
Sec. 31. The coroner shall swear or affirm the jurors, diligently
to inquire, and true presentment make, on behalf of the republic;
how and in what manner, the person came to his death, and all the
particulars respecting the same.
Sec. 22. Every coroner may issue summons for witnesses to
come before him, and declare on oath their knowledge concerning
the matter in question: and coroners shall administer the oath to
all such witnesses.
Sec. 23. If any person be found guilty by inquisition taken in
the manner prescribed by this act, and is not in custody, the coro-
ner shall issue his warrant, directed to any officer authorized to
serve process, to apprehend such persons and their accessaries, and
take them before any justice of the peace, who shall deal with them
according to law.
Sec. 24. Upon any inquisition found before a coroner, where
any person shall be charged with the crime of murder or man-
slaughter, or as accessary thereto, either before or after the com-
mission, the coroner shall put in writing so much of the evidence
as shall be material to prove the fact, and shall bind all material
witnesses by recognizance, to appear before the next term of the
district court for the county, then and there to give evidence
against such offenders; and the coroner. shall certify by writing,
the evidence and recognizance so taken, together with the inquisi-
tion found, to the next term of the district court.
Sec. 25. When from any cause, there shall be a vacancy in the
office of sheriff, or the sheriff shall be a party or interested in any
suit, or in any manner disqualified to act in a particular case, the
coroner of the county shall, during the time of such vacancy, or
in such cases where the sheriff is disqualified to act, perform all the
duties appertaining to the office of sheriff, in the same manner and
under the same penalties, as prescribed for sheriffs; and shall re-
ceive the same fees as sheriffs, for all such duties.
Sec. 26. Any coroner who shall neglect or refuse to perform
the duties required of him by this act, shall for every such offence,
forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred dollars, recoverable by
motion, before the county court, one moiety of which fine, shall go
to the informer, and the other to the county treasury.
Sec. 27. Whenever the coroner cannot be conveniently had,
to hold an inquest upon the body of any person coming to an
untimely death, it shall be the duty of the nearest justice of
the peace within the district where the body shall be found, to
(1244 )