186
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
Sec. 32. Every constable or other officer, who shall receive any
money upon any execution directed to him by any justice of the
peace, and shall not pay the same to the justice or person legally
authorized to, receive the same, upon the return of the execution,
may be proceeded against by motion before such justice, in the
same manner as provided by law against sheriffs, before the courts
of the republic.
Sec. 33. Every constable who shall demand and receive any fee
or compensation to which he is not by law entitled, shall, for every
such offence, forfeit and pay to the party injured, one hundred
dollars, recoverable by motion before the county court, ten days
previous notice being given to such constable.
Sec. 34. Any person duly elected constable, who shall neglect
or refuse to discharge the duties of the office, shall forfeit and pay
for the use of the county treasury, the sum of fifty dollars, recover-
able by motion, before the county court.
Sec. 35. It shall be the duty of the chief justice of the county
court, to cause elections to, be held in their respective counties, for
the election of all the various county officers created by this act,
or any other act of this congress.
Sec. 36. And be it further enacted, &c. That the sheriffs of the
respective counties, shall be collectors of taxes in said counties;
and it shall be their duty, at the same time and in the same man-
ner, and to the same person that they give their bond as sheriffs,
to give an additional bond as collector of taxes, in the sum of five
thousand dollars, to be augmented at the discretion of the county
courts for their respective counties.
Sec. 37. And be it further enacted, &c. That said sheriff and
collector shall, for the first one thousand dollars which he may col-
lect in the taxes of any one year, receive as his compensation for
the same, five per cent; and for all additional sums, two and a half
per cent.
IRA INGRAM,
Speaker of the house of representatives.
RICHARD ELLIS,
President pro tem. of the senate.
Approved, Dec. 20, 1837.
SAM. HOUSTON.
(1246 )