190
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
Sec. 20. Every person who shall unlawfully and corruptly,
cause or procure any person to commit perjury, shall be deemed
guilty of subornation of perjury, and on conviction thereof, shall
be punished in the same manner as prescribed in the preceding
section for perjury.
Sec. 21. Every person who, shall wilfully and maliciously cut,
maim, or otherwise injure or disable the body of another, shall oh
conviction thereof, be fined in any sum not exceeding one thousand
dollars, and may receive any number of lashes not exceeding thirty-
nine, at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 22. Every legally married person who shall marry another
person, the former husband or wife being alive, shall be deemed
guilty of a high misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof, shall be
imprisoned for a term not exceeding two years, and be fined at the
discretion of the court: provided, that nothing in this section shall
extend to any person whose husband or wife shall have absented
himself or herself, the one from the other for a period of five years
together, the one of them not knowing the other to be living
within that time, nor to any person who shall at the time of such
marriage, have been legally divorced.
Sec. 23. Every man and woman who shall live together in adul-
tery or fornication, shall be deemed guilty of a high misdemeanor,
and on conviction thereof, shall be fined in any sum not less than
one hundred nor more than one thousand dollars, and may be im-
prisoned for any term not exceeding one year, at the discretion of
the court.
Sec. 24. Every person who shall counterfeit, or cause or pro-
cure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall wilfully aid or assist in
the forging or counterfeiting, any gold or silver coin, which now
is or hereafter may be in circulation in this republic, or shall
falsely utter, pay or offer in payment or sale, any such forged or
counterfeited coin, knowing the same to be forged or counter-
feited, shall on conviction thereof, suffer death.
Sec. 25. Every person who shall falsely make, utter, forge or
counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, altered, forged
or counterfeited, or wilfully aid or assist in the false making,
altering, forging or counterfeiting any letters patent, gift,
grant, bond, writing obligatory, bill, order or acceptance, of such
bill or order, note of any bank within or without this republic,
receipt, promissory note, will, indenture, deed or contract,
with intention to defraud any person, or shall utter, put off or
offer, or cause the same to be put off, uttered or offered in payment
( 1250)