Laws of the Republic of Texas.
191
or for sale, with intention to defraud any person, knowing the same
to be false, altered, forged or counterfeited, shall on conviction
thereof, suffer death.
Sec. 26. Every person who shall feloniously steal, take away,
deface, utter or falsify any record, writ, process, or other proceed-
ings, in any of the courts of this republic, or any office for record,
shall on conviction thereof, be fined in a sum not exceeding one
thousand dollars, at the discretion of the court, and shall receive
fifty lashes on the bare back-, at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 27. Every person who shall mark or brand any unmarked
or unbranded horse, mare or colt, ass, neat cattle, sheep, hog or
goat, not being his own property, and without the consent of the
'owner, shall on conviction thereof, pay a fine not exceeding fifty
dollars, for every animal so marked or branded, and may receive
any number of lashes on the bare back, not exceeding thirty-nine
at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 28. Every person who shall alter or deface the mark or
brand of any horse, mare, colt or mule, ass, neat cattle, hog, sheep
or goat, not his own property, and without the consent of the
owner, shall on conviction thereof, pay a fine not exceeding fifty
dollars, for every animal so altered or defaced, and-shall receive
thirty-nine lashes on the bare back, at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 29. Every person who shall sell the flesh of any animal
dying otherwise than by slaughter, or slaughtered when diseased;
or any baker, brewer, distiller or other person, who shall sell un-
wholesome food or drink, shall on conviction thereof, be fined in
such sum as shall be adjudged by the court before which such of-
fender is tried; and for the second offence, shall, in addition to
such fine, receive thirty-nine lashes on the bare back.
Sec. 30. Every person who shall bear false witness, wilfully and
of purpose, to take away any person’s life, and the life of any
person be taken away in consequence of such false witness, he shall
on conviction thereof, suffer death. But if no person’s life shall
be taken in consequence of such false witness, he shall, on. convic-
tion as aforesaid, be punished as in this act is prescribed for the
punishment of perjury.
Sec. 31. Every person who shall steal or sell any free person
for a slave, knowing the person so stolen or sold to be free, shall
on conviction thereof, suffer death.
Sec. 32. Every person who- shall cut, fell, alter or remove,
(1251 )