194
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
Sec. 45. No person shall be prosecuted, tried or punished for
any. offence, murder, arson, forgery, counterfeiting and larceny ex-
cepted, unless the indictment, presentment or information for the
same be found or exhibited within one year next after the offence
shall be done or committed, nor shall any person be prosecuted for
any fine or forfeiture under a penal statute, unless the prosecution
for the same shall be commenced within twelve months from the
time of incurring the fine or forfeiture: provided, that nothing con-
tained in this section shall extend to. any person absconding or
fleeing from justice.
Sec. 46. The lands, tenements, goods and chattels of any person
convicted of any crime or misdemeanor shall be liable and subject
in preference to all other demands whatsoever in the first place in
the discharge of the expenses incurred by the republic or county in
the prosecution and conviction of such offender, and in the next
place to what restitution or reparation may be adjudged to the in-
jured party.
Sec. 47. Tor all fines assessed and costs of prosecution in crim-
inal cases not capital, the person convicted may stand committed to
prison by order of the court until such fine and costs be paid; and
when it shall be made to appear to the court that the person so
committed hath no estate or means to pay such fine and costs, it
shall be the duty of the court to discharge such person from further
imprisonment from such fine and costs as in its discretion may
deem proper.
Sec. 48. All recognizance taken for any breach of the peace or
in any case whatsoever, where a recognizance may be necessary,
shall be made payable to the president of the republic of Texas.
Sec. 49. All fines and forfeitures which shall be incurred under
this act shall be collected by the sheriff of the proper county and
paid by him into. the treasury of the republic.
Sec. 50. It shall be the duty of every sheriff and other person
having authority for keeping prisoners, to certify the names of all
such prisoners in their keeping, to the next term of the court having
cognizance of the offence with which such prisoners stand charged.
Sec. 51. All persons shall be bailable by sufficient security, un-
less for capital crimes where the proof is evident, or presumption
strong, by any justice of the peace, before whom the offender may
be brought, before commitment, or by any judge of the district or
supreme court. after commitment.
Sec.. 52. The manner of inflicting the punishment of
(1254 )