198
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
eminent, shall be deemed guilty of piracy, and upon conviction
thereof, before any court having cognizance of the same, shall
suffer death.
IRA INGRAM,
Speaker of the house of representatives.
RICHARD ELLIS,
President pro tem. of the senate.
Approved, Dec. 21, 1836.
SAM. HOUSTON.
AN ACT
Establishing the jurisdiction and powers of the District Courts.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives'of the Republic of Texas, in Congress assembled, That the
republic of Texas shall be divided into four districts, and one judge
shall be elected to each district, by joint vote of both houses. who
shall, after his appointment, reside in some one of the counties
of which his district is composed, and shall hold a court in each,
at the court-house or such other place as may be designated by
law, at the times and in the manner hereafter prescribed, and shall
be commissioned by' the president.
Sec. 2. A -district court shall be held in each county twice
in each year, and shall commence on the days, and may continue
for the time specified, that is to say:—In the county of Nacog-
doches, on the first Monday in March and September, and may
continue in session two weeks and no longer; in the county
of Jasper, on the third Monday in March and September, and
may continue six days and no longer; in the county of San Au-
gustine, on the fourth Monday in March and September, and
may continue two weeks and no longer; in the county of Sabine,
on the second Mondays after the fourth Mondays in March and
September, and may continue six days and no longer; in the
county of Shelby, on the third Mondays after 'the fourth Mon-
days in March and September, and may continue six days and
no longer; and in the county of Red River, on the fourth Mon-
days after the fourth Mondays in March and September, and
may continue two weeks and no longer. The district courts
shall be held in the county of Jefferson, on the first Mondays in
March and September and may continue six days and no longer;
in the county of Liberty, on the second Mondays in March and
(1258 )