Laws of the Republic of Texas.
201
county where any such defendant may reside, which shall be by
said sheriff executed and returned, as in other cases, to the court
in which suit shall be instituted.
Sec. 6. No person shall be sued as endorser or security, unless
suit has been first or simultaneously commenced against the prin-
cipal; provided, the principal is within the jurisdiction of the courts
of the republic.
Sec. 7. The style of all process, shall be the “republic of Tex-
as,” and shall be tested in the name of the clerk of the court from
which the same may issue; and the clerk issuing the same, shall
mark thereon, the day on which it shall be issued; and the sheriff
or other officer receiving the same, shall mark thereon, in like man-
ner, the day he shall have received it. And every clerk, sheriff,
or other officer neglecting so to do, shall forfeit and pay the sum of
two hundred dollars, to be recovered in any court having any cogn-
izance thereof, with cost, by any person who Shall sue for the same;
and all original process and all subsequent process issued thereon,
shall be returnable on the first day of the term next suceeding
after the issuing of such process, and shall be executed at least
five days before the return day thereor.
Sec. 8. It shall be the duty of the plaintiff or his attorney,
in taking out a writ or process, to file his petition, with a full and
clear statement of the names of the parties, whether plaintiff or
defendant, with the cause of action, and the nature of relief, which
he requests of the court; and the sheriff or other officer in execut-
ing the same, shall deliver to the defendant, a copy of said writ
and petition; and if the sheriff or other officer shall fail or neglect
to return any writ to him, directed on the first day of the term
to which the same is returnable he shall be liable to be fined for
a contempt of the court, in such sum as the court may think
proper to inflict, and shall, moreover, be liable in damages, to the
party aggrieved.
Sec. 9. The judges holding the courts aforesaid, shall so alter-
nate, that no judge shall hold the courts in the same circuit for
two courts in succession, unless called on to do so by the judge,
whose duty it may be, to hold such circuit, on account of any in-
ability to attend.
Sec. 10. All process heretofore issued for an amount of
one hundred dollars and upwards, returnable to the courts of
the first instance, created by the laws of eighteen hundred and
thirty-four, shall, by the judge of said court in each county, be
(1261)