Laws of the Republic of Texas.
203
parties injured in his or their own name, and shall not become
void upon the first recovery, but may from time to time, be put
in suit until the whole penalty be recovered.
Sec. 14. The records of respective courts for each preceding
day of the session, shall be read in open courts on the morning of
the succeeding day, except on the last day of the term on
which day, they shall be signed by the judge or judges presiding,
in said court.
Sec. 15. Any party may appeal from any final judgment or
decree of any district court, during the term at which the judg-
ment or decree was rendered, to the supreme court, provided, the
amount in controversy, amounts to three hundred dollars, upon
entering into bonds and security, to be approved by the court, in
double the amount of the debt or damages in the said suit, for
prosecuting the same with effect, or performing the judgment, sen-
tence or decree, which the supreme court, shall make or pass there-
on, in case the applicant shall have the case decided against him.
Sec. 16. In all suits or actions,real,personal or mixed, if there be
two or more plaintiffs or defendants, and one or more of them
should die, if the cause of action should survive to the surviving
plaintif or plaintiSs, or against the surviving defendant or de-
fendants, the suit or action shall proceed in the name of the sur-
viving plaintiff or plaintiffs against the surviving defendant or de-
fendants; and in all suits or actions commenced, when either party
shall die between verdict and judgment, the judgment shall
be entered, as if both parties were living; and -if, on the death
of any plaintiff, in actions which survive, before verdict, the heir,
legatee or devisee, executor or administrator or legal representa-
tive of such deceased party, shall not appear voluntarily on the re-
turn of a notice of said death executed, and become a party to such
action on or before the second term of the court next after the
death of such party shall have suggested on the record, such ac-
tion shall be discontinued, unless good cause be shown to the con-
trary.
Sec. 17. When any original process shall issue out of any court
in this republic, the plaintiff, at the return of such process, or any
time thereafter, before final judgment, shall upon the motion of
any person interested, be ruled to give sufficient security for all
costs accruing in such suit or action; and if such plaintiff shall
fail to give such security, being thereto required within sixty days,
the suit shall be dismissed, and execution may issue against the
plaintiff, for all such costs.
(1263 )