204
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
Sec. 18. A new trial may be granted in all cases, on such terms
and conditions as the court shall direct; and no more than two new
trials shall be granted to either party in the same cause.
Sec. 19. When in the record of any judgment or decree of any
court, there shall be any mistake, the judge of said court may, in
open court, amend such judgment or decree, according to the truth
and justice of the case; but in all cases, the opposite party shall
have notice of the application for such amendment.
Sec. 20. Every court shall have power and authority to permit
amendments to be made in all proceedings whatsoever, before ver-
dict, so as to bring the merits of the question between the parties,
fairly to a trial. Every person who shall have cause of action
against another, and who, before the clerk, shall swear that he is
too poor to pay the fees of office, shall be entitled to receive from
such clerk, all such process as may be necessary to enable him
to prosecute such suit, free of costs. And it shall be the duty of
the judge, to appoint counsel for such person, who shall attend
to the said case without any fee or reward; and in case any defen-
dant in any case, either civil or criminal, shall swear he is too poor
to employ counsel, the court shall appoint him counsel, who shall,
in like manner, attend to the same, without any fee or reward.
Sec. 21. The said court shall have power to hear and determine
all motions, on giving three days notice to the adverse party, against
sheriffs, coroners or other officers, for money received under exe-
cution or other process or order of the court, which shall not be
paid to the party entitled to the same, his agent, or attorney, on
demand. And all motions against attorneys and counsellors at
law for failing or refusing to pay money received for their clients,
and to give judgment according to the laws in such cases made and
provided, and under execution accordingly, either party may take
exceptions to the opinion of the judge, on any matter of law, and
may file a bill of exceptions to the same; and it shall be the duty
of the judge to sign such bill of exceptions, which shall be sent
up to the supreme court in the same manner, and on the same con-
ditions, as presented in the cases of appeal.
Sec. 22. In all suits or actions, the clerk at the request of
either party, shall issue supoenas for witnesses, directed to the
sheriff or other officer of the county where such witness or
witnesses are said to reside, whose duty it shall be to execute-
(1264)