206
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
ble in law to be witnesses in any ease whatsoever, except for and
against each other.
Sec. 27. When any witness shall be about to depart the coun-
try, or by age, sickness or otherwise, shall be unable to attend the
court, upon affidavit thereof in open court, or before the clerk in
his office, or before any judge or justice of the county; the clerk of
the court in which any suit is or may be depending, may, on re-
quest of either party, issue a commission for taking the deposition
of such witness, to be read as evidence at the trial, in case the
witness should be unable to attend; but the party obtaining, such
commission shall give reasonable notice to the other party, of the
time and place of taking the deposition, otherwise, the same shall
be null and void.
Sec. 28. When any plaintiff or defendant in any suit depend-
ing in any court of this republic, shall wish to have the benefit of
the testimony of any of the judges of the supreme court, or any
other officer of the government, who, on account of his official du-
ties cannot attend court to give testimony on the trial of such suit,
the party wishing the benefit of the testimony of such judge or
other officer, may, on application to the clerk of the court in which
suit is depending, obtain a commission to take the deposition of
such judge or other officer, which shall be read in evidence on the
trial of such case; provided, the adverse party have reasonable no-
tice of the time and place of taking such deposition or depositions.
Sec. 29. When either plaintiff or defendant to any suit
spending in court, shall desire to take the testimony of any wit-
ness absent from or residing without the limits and jurisdiction of
the republic, such party may take the same by interrogations on
making oath or affirmation, as the case may be, of the residence
or absence as aforesaid, of such witness, before any one of the
judges or clerk of the court; and also that he believes the testi-
mony material to his claim or defence; and the said judge or
clerk shall issue a commission to two or more commissioners to
cause the witness or witnesses named in such commission, to ap-
pear before them at such time and place as they shall direct;
provided, that the party applying for such commission shall file
his, her, or their interrogatories in the clerk’s office, and serve the
opposite party, or his, her or their attorney, with a copy thereof
with notice. of the day on which the commission will issue, at
least ten days before the commission shall issue, in which time
the opposite party may file his, her, or the interrogatories, and
a certified copy of such interrogatories if any there be, shall ac-
( 1266 )