208
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
good cause be shown, the fine shall be remitted without payment
of costs.
.Sec. 32. At the first session of any court, and ever afterwards,
the jury shall be drawn in open court by the sheriff and clerk in the
same way, and with the same conditions and penalties as prescribed
in the foregoing section, and if for any cause the jury should not be
so drawn, the said clerk and sheriff shall, in the presence of a jus-
tice of the peace, proceed to draw in like manner, the said jury so
required; and in all cases if the person or persons so drawn shall
have removed from the county, the drawing shall continue until a
proper number of resident jurors are obtained, and the names of
the jurors drawn shall be put into a separate box, to be kept sepa-
rate until all are drawn; and if the clerk or sheriff shall be guilty
of any fraud or partiality in such drawing, they shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and punished accordingly.
Sec. 33. From the whole number of jurors furnished as afore-
said, and attending the district court of any county, there shall be
drawn by lot not more than twenty, nor less than thirteen, who
shall constitute the grand jury, for the term of the court to which
they are summoned, and shall be sworn to enquire of, and present
all treasons, murders, felonies' or other misdemeanors whatsoever,
which shall have been committed or done within the county for
which they are empannelled. From the said grand jurors the court
shall appoint a foreman, administer to him an oath in the presence
of the other grand jurors. “You, a foreman of the grand jury shall
diligently enquire into, and true presentment make, of all such
matters and things as shall be given you in charge, or otherwise
come to your knowledge touching the present service, you shall
present no person through malice, hatred or ill will; nor shall you
leave any unpresented through fear, favor or affection, or for any
reward, hope or promise thereof; but in all your presentments you
shall present the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth,
according to the best of your skill and understanding, so help you
God."—And the other jurors shall take the following oath: “The
same oath that your foreman has taken before you on his part, you,
and each of you, shall well and truly observe and keep on your
parts, so help you God.”
Sec. 34. No sheriff or other officer shall execute any suit or pro-
cess on the body of any juror during his attendance, or going to
and returning from any district or county court, and any process so
executed shall be void.
(1268)