214
Laws, of the Republic of Texas.
balance, the said clerk is hereby required to pay over to the county
treasury.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be
lawful for the.former owners of any strays at any time, on proving
their property, to demand and receive from the county treasurer
one half of the value of any such strays appraised and accounted
for as aforesaid, deducting therefrom the treasurer’s commissions of
two per centum, for receiving and accounting for the same.
S.EC. 8. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of
the taker up of any stray horse, mare, colt, mule, jack or jenny, to
cause the same to be exhibited on the first day of each term of the
county court of the county next succeeding the time at which such
stray shall be taken up, from eleven to three o’clock, that the own-
er may have an opportunity of claiming his property.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the clerk of each county
of this republic shall keep a book, in which he shall register all
certificates of strays delivered to him, and file the same in regular
order. It shall be his duty to cause a copy of the certificate of
appraisement, of every horse, mare, colt, mule, jack or jenny, to
be published in the nearest newspaper, three times. It moreover,
shall be the duty of the clerk, to make out a fair and correct list
of all strays, and affix the same at the door of the court house of
their respective counties, on the first day of each term of the coun-
ty court, omitting only such strays as are proven away, escaped or
dead, under the penalty of fifty dollars for such neglect or omis-
sion. The clerk shall receive as fees of office for advertising any
horse, mare, colt, mule, jack or jenny, one dollar and printer’s fees
for advertising the same. And for every search of the stray books,
twelve and a half cents, to be paid by the person applying to search.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That at any time within
twelve months, it may be lawful for the owner of any stray or
strays taken up under the provisions of this act, to prove his or
her property, by his or her own oath, or by the oath or affirma-
tion of any other competent witness, in the following manner,
to wit:—A certificate, giving a particular description of the ani-
mal claimed, and shall be made out, giving the kind, marks,'
brands, stature, color or age of such stray or strays as may be;
which certificate shall be sworn to, and subscribed before any
justice of the peace, and delivered to the taker up, to be filed in
the clerk’s office; and the deliverer of such certificate as before-
( 1274)