Laws of the Republic of Texas.
215
mentioned, and payment of all costs incurred, from the posting
and keeping such stray or strays, shall deliver up the same to the
proper owner.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of the
division of counties, the stray or strays shall belong to the county
wherein the same may be found, and shall be disposed of as other
strays posted in said county.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That any horse, mare, colt,
mule, jack or jenny, that is branded or marked, or proven away,
and which shall have been caught or driven in with wild horses,
&c., shall be considered as strays; and the person for whom they
were taken, shall pay the' taker up the sum of ten dollars, provided
the beast was caught from among the mustangs.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That any person taking up
any stray cattle, hogs, sheep or goats, shall proceed in the same
manner and form, as in the first section of this act, provided for
horses, &c.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That all stock so taken up,
the person who takes up the same, shall not be compelled to keep
such stray or strays more than six months from the date of the
appraisement; but shall be liable at the end of six months, for the
payment of such moneys as by law he is required to pay; and that
all money so paid for as stock, shall be governed by the same rules
and restrictions as in the foregoing article of this act, except- ad-
vertising in the newspaper; and the taker up shall not be bound
to exhibit at the court house, any stray cattle, hogs, sheep' or goats,
but shall in lieu thereof, set up written advertisements at two- of
the most public places in his neighborhood, describing such stray
or strays to have been taken up by him.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That no person shall take
up any such stray stock, except he, she or they take and subscribe
the same oath as in the first section of this act.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That all moneys paid for
stock, shall be paid to the clerk at the end of six months, and are
subject to the same rules and regulations as are prescribed in the
second section of this act.
IRA INGRAM,
Speaker of the house of representatives.
RICHARD ELLIS,
President pro tem. of the senate.
Approved, Dec. 22, 1836.
SAM. HOUSTON.
( 1275 )