Laws of the Republic of Texas.
217
said records, books and papers shall become and be deemed the
books and papers of the said office.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioner
shall, when required by- the president of the republic of Texas, or
either house of congress, make a plat of any land surveyed under
the authority of the government, and give such information re-
specting the public lands, and concerning the.business of his office
as shall be legally required.
Sec. 1. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which
land shall be hereafter given by the republic of Texas, for military
services, warrants shall be granted to the parties entitled to such
lands by the secretary of war, and such warrant shall be recorded
in books to be kept by him for that purpose, and shall be located
as is provided in this act.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That all patents issuing
from the said office shall be in the name of the republic of Texas,
and under the seal of said office, and be signed by the president of
the republic of Texas and countersigned by the commissioner of
the general land office.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That no person appointed to
an office instituted by this act, or employed in any such office,
shall directly or indirectly be concerned in the purchase of any
right, title, or interest in any public land either in his own name,
right, or in trust for any other person, or in the name or right of
any other person in trust for himself, nor shall take, or receive any
fee or emolument for negotiating or transacting the business of
said office. And any person offending in the premises against the
prohibition of this act, shall forfeit and pay one thousand dollars;
and upon conviction shall be removed from office.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the commissioner of
the general land office shall be appointed by the president, with the
consent and advice of the Senate, and said commissioner of the
general land office shall hold his office for three years, and shall
be re-eligible. He shall receive an annual salary of three thousand
dollars per annum, payable quarterly, out of any money in the.
treasury not otherwise appropriated. And the said commissioner
shall have the privilege of sending, and receiving letters and pack-
ages, and also final certificates, and patents of land free of postage.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the commissioner
of the general land office, shall be authorised to employ a suffi-
cient number of clerks, provided that their annual compensation
(1277)