218
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
shall not exceed in the whole, two thousand dollars'per annum,
and the said compensation shall be paid out of any monies in the
treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That there shall be estab-
lished a land office, No. 1, at the house of George Wright, on Red
River, for the district of Red River, which shall include all that
country lying and situated within the following boundaries, viz:
the line to begin at the mouth of the Sulphur fork of Red River,
and run up that river to the crossing of the Trammel trace, thence
on that trace to the Sabine river, thence up that river to its source,
then due west to the Trinity river, thence up that river to its
source, thence due north to- Red River, thence down that river to
the beginning. And a land office, No. 2, at San Augustine, for the
counties of San Augustine, Jasper, Sabine and Shelby. One other
land office, No. 3, at Liberty, for the counties of Jefferson, Liberty
and Harrisburg. One other land office, No. 4, at Nacogdoches, for
all that section of country which lies north of Liberty and east of
the Trinity, not included in any other land office district. One
other land office, No. 5, composing the counties of Brazoria, Mata-
gorda and Jackson, to be located at the town of Matagorda. No. 6,
composing the counties of Austin, Colorado- and Washington, to be
located at the town of Washington. No. 7, composing the county
of Milam and all the country west of the Trinity, and east of the
Brazos, not included in any other land district. No. 8, composing
the county of Mina, and all the country west of the Colorado
river, north of the La Bahia, road, and east of DeWitt’s colony, to
be located at the town of Mina. No. 9, composing all that tract
of country heretofore embraced in the colony of DeWitt, to be
located at the town of Gonzales. No. 10, also a land office to- be
located at San Antonio de Bexar, for all that tract of country west
of DeWitt’s and north of Power’s colony. No. 11, a land office to
be located at the town of Victoria, for all that country west of the
district of Matagorda and south of Gonzales and Bexar.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That the several surveyors
general shall be appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the senate; shall be commissioned by the
president — may continue in office three years — eligible to a
re-appointment—shall reside at the land office for which he is ap-
pointed; whose duty it shall be to furnish such regulations and in-
structions to their deputies, as may be furnished them from time
to time by the commissioner of the general land office; shall ad-
(1278 )