Laws of the Republic of Texas.
221
holding such warrants, certificates, or orders of survey, shall first
present them to the register of the district in which he resides;
who shall record the same in a book to be kept for that purpose,
and forward copies to the surveyor general.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That all surveys which
have been or may hereafter be made, agreeably to law in all re-
spects, and certified by the surveyor general for the district in
which the land lies, as required in the eleventh section of this
law, shall be patented; and the owners thereof, by depositing the
same in the land office for the district in which the land lies,
and paying to the receiver of the same, in addition to the govern-
ment fees, the following fees of office, shall so soon as practica-
ble, be furnished with a patent for said land or lands, viz:—For
a patent to a league and a labor of land, five dollars; for a patent
to a third of a league four dollars; for a patent to twelve hundred
and eighty acres, four dollars; for a patent to nine hundred and
sixty acres, four dollars; for a patent to six hundred and forty
acres; four dollars; for a patent to three hundred and twenty acres,
three dollars; for a patent to one labor of land, three dollars; all
of which office fees shall be equally divided between the register
and the receiver; and the several registers shall, upon the receipt
in their office of all field notes of surveys, made out in the manner
above required, immediately making out in such form and manner
as the commissioner of the general land office shall instruct him,
duplicate blank patents for said land or lands and forward the
same to the commissioner of the general land office, who will im-
mediately cause one of the duplicates to be executed as the law
directs, and transmit it forthwith to the proper office, for the owner
thereof, shall also reserve in the general land office, the duplicates
of grants, and cause the same also to be recorded in a well bound
book, to be kept by him expressly for that purpose. And the said
grantees shall pay as government fees, the price as fixed by the
colonization laws of Coahuila and Texas, in force at the time they
emigrated to this country.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That the price of sur-
veying shall be three dollars for each Castillian lineal mile.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That if any one of the
officers who may be employed in the land office, should fail or
refuse to do his duty as required by law, he shall upon conviction
thereof, before any district court in this republic, forfeit and pay
a penalty, of any sum not exceeding one thousand dollars, one
moiety to the republic, and the other to the party aggrieved; and.
81 —VOL. 1.
(1281 )