234
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
the passage of this law, then and in that ease all such marriages
are declared of legal and binding effect, and the issue of the same
are hereby legitmatized; Provided, that such parties lived together
as man and wife at the said death of either party.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That all regular ordained Minis-
ters of the Gospel, judges of the district courts, justices' of the
county courts, and all justices of the peace of the several counties
of this republic be, and are hereby authorized to celebrate the rites
of matrimony between all persons legally authorized to marry;
Provided, that males under fourteen and females under twelve
shall not marry.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That any person desirous of mar-
rying shall apply to the clerk of the county court, and shall re-
ceive from him a license directed to all persons authorized by this
law to celebrate the rites of matrimony which shall be sufficient
authority for any one of such persons, to celebrate such marriage,
and any one of said persons so authorized, who shall celebrate the
rites of matrimony, without .said license from the clerk aforesaid,
shall be liable to prosecution and on conviction shall be fined in
the sum of five hundred dollars.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That no clerk shall issue a license
without the consent of the parents or guardians of the parties ap-
plying unless the parties so applying 'shall be in the case of the
male twenty one years of age, and in the female eighteen years of.
age; and any clerk offending herein shall on conviction be fined
five hundred dollars.
Sec. 6. Be it further enacted, That the said clerk shall record
all licenses so issued by him, in a well bound book kept for that
purpose; and it shall also be the duty of the persons solemnizing
the rites of matrimony to endorse the same on the license and make
return of the same to the office of the clerk of the county court
within sixty days after the celebration as aforesaid; which return
shall also- be recorded as aforesaid.
Sec. 7. Be it further enacted, That for each license so issued the
clerk shall charge and receive one dollar.
Sec. 8. Be it further enacted, That all persons who have mar-
ried agreeably to the customs of the country having another wife
or husband living and shall continue to live together as man and
wife sixty days after the passage of this law shall be considered
guilty of the offence of bigamy and shall upon conviction be pun-
ished as such.
Sec. 9. Be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful
for any person of European blood or their descendants, to in-
(1294 )