236
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
of the “Trustees of Independence Academy,” capable of suing and
being sued, pleading and being impleaded, of holding property
either personal, real or mixed, of selling, alienating and conveying
the same at pleasure, of having a common seal and of changing the
same at pleasure, and of doing whatever else that may be necessary
and proper to be done for the benefit and advancement of said
institution, not contrary to the constitution and laws of this re-
public.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That this charter and privilege
shall extend to the said trustees and their successors in office, as
long as they confine the benefit of the same to the advancement
of the sciences, and the promotion of useful knowledge to the ris-
ing generations, which institution shall be accessible equally alike
to all, without regard to opinions of religion or politics.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That Elisha Roberts, Jesse Bur-
dit, William McFarland, John Cartwright, Sumner Bacon, George
Teal, Augustus Hotchkiss, Henry W. Augustine, Andrew J. Cun-
ningham, Philip A. Sublett, Iredell D. Thomas, Albert Gallatin
Kellogg, Almanzon Huston, William W. Eolman and Joseph
Eowe, be incorporated a body politic, under the name and style
of the “President and Trustees of the University of San Augus-
tine,” and shall have the same powers and privileges which are
conferred by this act on the trustees of Independence Academy.
' B. T. ARCHER,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
JESSE GRIMES,
President pro tern, of the Senate.
Approved, June 5, 1837.
SAM. HOUSTON.
AN ACT
To incorporate the Trustees of Washington College.
Be it enacted, by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the republic of Texas, in Congress assembled, That William P.
Smith, Asa Hoxie, John P. Coles, J. H. Wood, Thomas Gay
and Stephen E. Roberts, be, and they are hereby constituted
and declared to be from .and after the passage of this act a body
corporate and politic, in fact and in name by the style and
(1296 )