Laws of the Republic of Texas.
239
must be stated in the notice, and for the collection of which per-
sonal property alone shall be subject to be seized.
Sec. 6. Be it further enacted, That to guard against accidents
by fire, the citizens shall be required to keep in readiness hooks,
ladders and buckets.
Sec. 7. Be it further enacted, That whereas there being sundry
public lots of ground in said corporation which are now useless,
the aldermen shall and are hereby authorized and empowered in
conjunction with the county court of that county, to alienate said
lots, or such portion thereof as they may deem advisable; the pro-
ceeds of such sale or sales, to be by them jointly appropriated to
the construction of. a court house, jail, and such other building or
buildings as they may think necessary.
Sec. 8. Be it further enacted, That the said aldermen shall
have the privilege of establishing schools within said corporation.
Sec. 9. Be it further enacted, That the rules and ordinances of
said corporation shall not be contrary to the constitution and laws
of this republic.
Sec. 10. Be it further enacted, That the towns of San Au-
gustine, Texana, Washington, Brazoria, Columbia, Velasco, Rich-
mond, Matagorda, Columbus in Colorado county, and Indepen-
dence in Washington county, and the city of Houston, Bexar, Nash-
ville, Sarahville, Anahuac, Bevilport and Harrisburg, be and the
same are hereby incorporated, and shall each have the powers, and
to be governed by the rules that are herein enacted for the incorpo-
ration and government of the town of Nacogdoches.
B. T. ARCHER,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
JESSE GRIMES,
President pro tem. of the Senate.
Approved, June 5, 1837.
SAM. HOUSTON.
JOINTRESOLUTION
Requiring the Attorney General to Report to the Next Session
of Congress.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the Republic of Texas, in Congress assembled, That the attorney
general is hereby required to report to the next session of con-
(1299 )