242
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
rect; nor shall said transfer he made within thirty days of the day
on which the interest falls due.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted. That if, from unavoidable acci-
dent or other casualty, the holder of a certificate or certificates
should be deprived of the same, then and in that case the stock
commissioner shall be, and he is hereby authorized and required to
issue to the interested party a new certificate or certificates cor-
responding in every particular with the originals, making a proper
note of the same, by his receiving satisfactory proof of such loss;
and in all cases the holders of this stock may be represented by
their legally authorized agents.
Sec. 6. Be it further enacted, That the secretary of the treas-
ury be and he is hereby authorized and required to procure the
proper blank stock certificates in form to suit the provisions of
this law, and that the office of the stock commissioner he organized
under his supervision, and that he notify the public creditors, by
advertisement, to present their claims to the proper department
on or before the first day of September next ensuing, or as soon
thereafter as practicable, in order that they may receive the corre-
sponding shares in stock certificates bearing date first September
next: Provided, however, that certificates shall issue on no claims,
other than those which have passed the proper auditorial depart-
ment in conformity to law; and it is also further provided that
interest be allowed on no claims other than those which have been
or shall be funded.
Sec. 7. Be it further enacted, That all just demands against
the government shall be received at par, for stock certificates: Pro-
vided, the same shall amount to even shares; and if the claim or
claims shall not amount to an entire share or shares, then, and in
that case, the holder shall have the privilege to make up the deficit
in cash at a discount of ten per centum which the commissioner is
hereby authorised and required to allow, properly accounting for
the same.
Sec. 8. Be it further enacted, That the president be and he
is hereby authorized and required to appoint, by and with the
advice and consent of the senate, a suitable and fit person as stock
commissioner, who shall perform the duties contemplated by
this law, and whose salary shall be fifteen hundred dollars per
annum, payable in the same manner of other public officers, and
also, a suitable and fit person as comptroller of the treasury whose
duty it shall be, to investigate' and pass on all claims
against the treasury, and also to inspect all claims presented to
the stock commissioner, and if found correct, he shall counter-
(1302 )