254
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
visions and groceries, not herein enumerated, twenty-five per cent
ad valorem. Liquors, spirits, whiskey, first and second proof, twen-
ty-five cents per gallon: third and fourth proof, thirty-seven and a
half cents per gallon; above fourth proof, fifty cents per gallon:
brandy, first and second proof, fifty cents per gallon; third and
fourth proof, sixty-two and a half cents per gallon; above fourth
proof, seventy-five cents per gallon: gin, same as brandy: rum, same
as brandy: all other spirits not enumerated, including cordials and
liquors of all kinds, will pay the same duties as brandy. Wines,
claret, twenty-five cents per gallon: other red French wines, twenty-
five cents per gallon: Oporto, or port wine, thirty-seven and a half
cents per gallon: French white wines, twenty-five cents per gallon;
Champaigne, one dollar per gallon: Madeira, seventy-five cents per
gallon: Teneriffe, thirty-seven and a half cents per gallon: Spanish
“white wines, twenty-five cents per gallon: Spanish red wines twen-
ty-five cents per gallon: German wines, Hock, Ehenish, &c., fifty
cents per gallon. Malt liquors of all descriptions, free. Cham-
paigne in bottles, per dozen, two dollars: other wines, per one dozen
bottles, one dollar and fifty cents: all other liquors in bottles, per
dozen, two dollars. Dry goods: all articles of which wool forms a
component part, twenty-five per cent ad valorem: all articles of
which linen forms a component part, twenty-five per cent ad valo-
rem : all articles of which cotton forms a component part, fifteen per
cent ad valorem; all articles of which silk forms a component part,
thirty per cent ad valorem: wearing apparel, ready made, and other
personal baggage in actual use, and tools of trade, free: wearing ap-
parel, ready made, otherwise imported, thirty per cent ad valorem.
Shoes and boots twenty-five per cent ad valorem. Hats, of all
descriptions, twenty-five per cent ad valorem. Leather; all ar-
ticles of which leather forms a component part, twenty per cent
ad valorem. Jewelry, thirty-three and one third per cent ad .
valorem. Miscellaneous articles, iron, implements of iron for
purposes of husbandry, such as ploughs, harrows, hoes and axes,
twelve and a half per cent ad valorem. Tools of all descrip-
tions for carpenters, cabinet makers, joiners, and blacksmiths,
fifteen per cent ad valorem. Bar iron, fifty cents per hundred
pounds. Nails and screws, one dollar per hundred pounds. All
other articles of which iron or steel form a component part, not
herein enumerated, twenty per cent, ad valorem. Copper, all
articles of which copper forms a component part, twenty per
(1314 )