256
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
trict of Brazos. Commencing at the mouth of Oyster Creek, and
following the coast of the Gulf east to Bolivar Point, shall com-
pose one collectoral district, which shall he called the district of
Galveston. Commencing at Bolivar Point, and following the coast
of the Gulf to the middle of Sabine bay, thence up the bay to the
mouth of the river Sabine, and up with that stream so far as to
include a certain ferry, known as Lowe’s ferry, shall compose one
collectoral district, which shall be called the district of Sabine.
Commencing at Lowe's ferry, and following the Sabine up to the
thirty-second degree of north latitude, thence north to Red River,
shall compose one collectoral district, which shall be called the dis-
riet of San Augustine. A custom house shall be established within
the limits of each collectoral district, at such point in each as the
president and secretary of the treasury shall direct, for the time
being; until, from proper surveys, the most eligible points shall be
ascertained for permanent locations.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, and so forth, That all goods,
wares, or merchandize which may be introduced into this republic,
shall be entered at the custom house of the district in which they
may or have been landed in conformity with the law. And all per-
sons neglecting, evading, or refusing to comply with the provisions
of this law, whether citizen or alien, shall be deemed smugglers,
and treated accordingly. That every master of vessels arriving in
any of the ports of this republic, shall, within twenty-four hours
after his arrival, and previous to- discharging any part of his cargo,
present to the collector of said port a manifest of all the cargo
on board his vessel; which manifest must exhibit at length the
marks and numbers of packages, and the quantity of each article
constituting the cargo, together with the names of the respective
consignees. In default of which a penalty of five hundred dollars
shall be enforced and collected by said collector for the benefit of
this republic. And all captains wilfully making or returning false
manifests, with an intent to defraud, shall, in addition to a fine of
one thousand dollar, to be exacted by the collector, be thereafter
incompetent to enter or clear a vessel in any of the ports of this
republic; and both master and vessel held accountable.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, &c. That each consignee shall
be required to make duplicate entries of all goods, wares,
or merchandize to them consigned; which entries shall contain,
at length, the marks and numbers of packages, together with
their contents, quantities, and value and, to which the following
(1316)