258
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
from office, and rendered incapable ever thereafter of holding any
office of honor, trust, or profit in this republic.
Sec. 6. Be it further enacted, &c. That all collectors of the
public revenue, before entering on the duties of their offices shall
take the oath prescribed for all public officers, before any person
competent to administer the same; which oath shall be subscribed,
and together with the bond shall be filed in the Treasury depart-
ment. And be it further provided, That each principal collector
shall be entitled to have one principal clerk; and also to employ,
when necessary, other subordinate officers, as from time to time he
may find necessary: as well also as common laborers, when they
may be needed; at all times, however, using a prudent and strict
economy for the protection of the public revenue; which said sub-
ordinate clerks, officers, and laborers, he shall allow such pay as a
necessary prudence shall direct, payable out of the proceeds of the
collections by him made.
Sec. 7. Be it further enacted, &c. That the principal collectors
of the public revenue shall receive as compensation for their- ser-
vices, viz. Allowing two thousand dollars to be a fair minimum' per
annum salary, which may be increased or diminished as hereinafter
provided, to wit: On all monies received and paid into the treasury
they shall be entitled to receive two and a half per cent, until the
commissions-shall amount to the minimum salary; and the one-half
of one per cent, on all sums after the commissions shall have run
up to the minimum salary; then and in that case the commissions
to be the salary.	-
Sec. 8. Be it further enacted, &c. That all goods, wares, and
merchandize, which may be introduced into this republic by land,
shall be entered at the proper custom house of the district in which
they may be introduced, under the pains and penalties of this law.
And all persons evading, or attempting to evade the provisions of
this law shall be considered guiltv of a misdemeanor and punished
accordingly. And all the goods, wares, or merchandize smuggled
or attempted to be introduced in contravention to the provisions of
this law, shall be subject to seizure and confiscation, together with
the vehicle by which they were conveved: and after thirtv davs’
public notice shall be. sold for cash, the one-half of the proceeds of
which shall go to the informer, and the other to the public treasury,
after deducting the expenses of such sale.
Sec. 9. Be it further enacted, &c. That the principal col-
lector of each port shall have a deputy, who shall also take the
(1318 )