260
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
of the assessor to register, in duplicate, the inventories of all the
property found within his proper county or district, one of which
shall be transmitted to the treasury department, and the other
passed over to the collector: which register shall show in proper
columns the persorts name, quantity of land in acres, number of
negroes, horned cattle, horses and mules, miscellaneous including
all other unclassed articles. Under each specific head shall appear
the number and amount belonging to each individual, and one
column showing the aggregate or gross amount, and another col-
umn showing the corresponding amount of tax due from each. This
register shall be made out from the original inventories, which the
assessor shall preserve in all cases as references. The president
shall issue his proclamation immediately on the passage of this
law, requiring the county courts to forthwith proceed to make the
appointments required by this act: and the assessors shall immedi-
ately enter upon the duties of their office, and be required to make
their returns to the treasury department on or before the meeting
of the next general congress; and the several collectors shall com-
mence their collections on the first day of October of each year,
and make their returns to the treasury department on or before
the first day of January ensuing.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, &c. That all heads of families,
or other individuals recognised by the laws of this republic as free,
and all agents or representatives of others, shall make out, or pro-
cure to be made out, a fair valued inventory of all the property to
them belonging, estimating the same at what may be deemed a fair
valuation, which inventory shall be subscribed and sworn to before
the assessor, who is hereby authorized to administer the following
oath: “I, A B, do solemnly swear that the inventory here present-
ed, and to which I have subscribed, is a just, true and faithful
valued inventory of all the property known as belonging to me, to
the best of my knowledge and belief, so help me God.”
And be it further provided, That if the assessor shall, in his
judgment, consider the property valued too low, or otherwise in-
correct, it shall be his duty, before administering the oath, to call
to his assistance two citizens of the neighborhood, to appraise or
value the same: and any person rendering a false inventory shall
pay double tax, and if with intent to defraud the revenue, it shall
be considered an indictable offence, and punished accordingly.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, &c. That in all the depopu-
( 1320 )