Laws of the Republic of Texas.
261
lated counties of this republic, where the county courts have not
been organized, it shall be the duty of the former residents of said
counties, and they are hereby required to make their inventories
and file the same with the assessor of the county in which they may
at the time reside, and pay over to the proper collector their tax
accordingly. The minimum price of land shall not be considered
less than fifty cents, when from any cause the true valuation can-
not be had.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, &c. That it shall be the duty of
the chief justice of each county court to give notice by public ad-
vertisement, in at least three of the most public places in his county,
that sealed proposals will be received for the appointment of assess-
or, until the court shall meet and determine on whom the appoint-
ment shall be conferred; which sealed proposals shall set forth the
terms on which the duties of assessor will be performed, and shall
be directed to the chief justice, and marked “Proposals for Assess-
or:” on the meeting of the court the seals shall be broken, and the
proposals examined: and the court shall then confer the appoint-
ment on such as in their opinion would be best calculated to per-
form the duties required and protect the public interest; and for
the performance of all which duties they shall be entitled to their
lawful fees of office.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, &c. That from and after the
passage of this law, that each wholesale or retail dealer in wares,
goods or merchandize, shall pay for each establishment thus em-
ployed, a license of fifty dollars per annum: each establishment for
retailing wines or spirituous liquors, under one gallon, one hun-
dred dollars per annum: each establishment for retailing eider or
malt liquors alone, shall be free: each billiard table, a license of
two hundred dollars per annum: each nine pin alley, or any game of
that kind, a license of one hundred and fifty dollars per annum:
each public inn or tavern, within the limits of any incorporated
town, shall pay a license of one hundred dollars; and if a retailer of
wines or spirits, the additional license; and all those neglecting or
refusing to comply shall suffer the pains and penalties of the rev-
enue laws. And be it further provided, That merchants or factors
shall not be required to inventory the goods which may be in their
possession, on which duties have been paid, and which they only
hold as contingent, but only on their real amount of capital em-
ployed.
Sec. 7. Be it further enacted, &c. That there shall be as-
(1321)