268
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
shall be applied as follows, to wit: one half to be applied to the pur-
chase of arms, munitions of war, clothing and pay for the army,
one fourth for the. navy, and one fourth shall be paid into the
treasury of the republic to be paid out only for the redemption of
the promissory notes of the government contemplated to be issued
by a law previously passed by this congress.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That the the secretary of the treas-
ury shall cause the aforesaid sale to be published for three months
previous to the day of sale in New Orleans, Mobile, Charleston,
Baltimore, Philadelphia, New York, Boston, Nashville and Louis-
vill, Ky., papers.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That the secretary of the treasury
be authorized to pay the expenses of surveying, advertising and
sale, out of the first money from the sales aforesaid.
Sec. 6. Be it further enacted, That if any persons who shall
purchase any of the aforesaid lots or lands, shall fail to make pay-
ment of the several instalments in conformity with this act, he or
they shall forfeit all such sums as they may have previously paid,
and the lots and lands purchased by such defaulter shall revert
to the government of this republic.
B. T. AECHEE,
Speaker of the house of representatives.
JESSE GEIMES,
President pro tem. of the Senate.
Approved, June 12, 1837.
SAM. HOUSTON.
JOINT EESOLUTION.
Concering Major General Thomas Jefferson Chambers.
Resolvbed by the Senate and House of Eepresentatives of the re-
public of Texas, in Congress assembled, That the thanks of con-
gress be tendered to General Chambers for the zeal and ability
with which he has defended and sustained the cause of Texas, and.
the efficient manner in which' he has discharged the duties imposed
upon him by his commission, in sending to her aid men, arms and.
supplies by a sacrifice of his private fortune.
2nd. Resolved, That the auditorial department be author-
ised and required to settle with Major General Thmas Jeffer-
(1328 )