274
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
AN .ACT
For the better protection of the northern frontier.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of tko republic of Texas, in Congress assembled, That a corps
of mounted gun men, consisting of six hundred mounted men,
rank and file, shall be raised by voluntary enlistment, for a term
of six months, dating from the time of rendezvous, and officered
in the following manner, viz: one colonel, one lieutenant colonel,
one major, ten captains, ten first and second lieutenants; all of
whom shall be appointed by the president, by and with the advice
and consent of the senate.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That each officer and private
shall furnish himself with a substantial horse, well shod all round,
and extra shoeing nails, a good gun, two- hundred rounds of ammu-
nition, and all other necessary equipment, provisions, &c., except
beef.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That the officers shall receive
the same pay as is fixed in the corresponding rank in the ranging
service; and the privates twenty-five dollars per month, and officers
and men a bounty of land of six hundred and forty acres each.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That when spoils are taken from
the enemy, the commanding officer shall have the same divided
equally amongst officers and men.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That the corps shall be divided
into three divisions, to rendezvous at such times and places as may
be directed by the president.
Sec. 6. Be it further enacted, That a quarter master appointed
by the president, shall attend each division, whose duty it shall
be to purchase beef at the expense of the government for the sup-
ply of said troops.
Sec. 7. Be it further enacted, That each six men shall furnish
themselves with a pack-horse.
Sec. 8. Be it further enacted, That if practicable, there shall
be attached to each division one company of spies, composed of
Shawnees, Cherokees, Delawares, or of other friendly Indians, who
shall be supplied with provisions, and shall receive such pay as may
be agreed upon between them and the president, which shall be
paid in goods.
Sec. 9. Be it further enacted, That when any officer or
( 1334 )