8
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
script, in each precinct, stating the names of the several presiding
officers appointed in the county, the places of holding the election,
the day on which the election will he held, and the officer or offi-
cers to he elected. The writs of election issued by the chief justice,
shall require the presiding officer, or one of the judges or clerks of
the election, to deliver the returns to him at the county seat, at
some time specified therein, not exceeding ten days from the day of
holding the election; and upon the receipt of the returns, the chief
justice, in the presence of the returning officer, shall examine the
several documents, and immediately execute and deliver to the per-
son or persons having the greatest number of votes, a certificate of
election.
Sec. 7. Be it further enacted, That no officer of an election shall
examine any vote, or unfold any ticket presented by a voter.
Sec. 8. Be it further enacted, That when a man shall offer his
vote, unless some officer of the election will vouch for his qualifica-
tions as an elector, he shall take oath that he is legally qualified
according to the constitution and laws, to vote for members of Con- ■
gress.
Sec. 9. Be it further enacted, That regular enlisted soldiers,
and volunteers for during the war, shall not be eligible to vote for
civil officers.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That no person shall be
permitted to contest any election unless within ten days after the
return day. The person intending to contest, shall cause the person
having a certificate of election to be notified thereof, and a state-
ment in writing delivered to him, containing the grounds up-
on which he relies to sustain the contest, or in case the candidate
elect can not be found, then the notice and statement to be left at
his usual place of abode. Ko ex-parte statements or testimony shall
be received as evidence in any contested election, without the con-
sent of the opposite party.
Sec. 11. Be it further enacted, That this act shall take effect
and be in force from and after its passage: provided, however, that
nothing herein contained shall affect elections in depopulated coun-
ties. And be it further enacted, that if any person in this repub-
lic shall, after the passage of this act, vote for a member or mem-
bers of congress more than one time in the same day, such person
shall be liable to indictment, and upon conviction before any com-
petent tribunal, shall forfeit and pay for every such offence not
less than fifty, nor more than one hundred dollars; to go to the
county treasury.
(1350 )