Laws of the Republic of Texas.
9
Sec. 12. Be it further enacted, That in senatorial districts, now
or hereafter to be established, consisting of two or more counties,
congress shall from time to time designate and determine the coun-
ty whose chief justice shall issue the necessary certificate to the sen-
ator elect. And the chief justices of the other county or counties
composing the senatorial district shall seal up and deliver the re-
turns of the election, from the several precincts of their respective
counties, for senator, duly authenticated, and hand them to the
chief justice of the county so designated by congress within ten
days after said returns are received by him or them; and that the-
county of Refugio, in the senatorial district composed of the coun-
ties of San Patricio, Refugio, and Goliad; the county of Mina, in
the district composed of the counties of Mina and Gonzales; the
county of Shelby, in the district composed of the counties of Shelby
and Sabine; the county of Jackson, in the district composed of the
counties of Matagorda, Jackson, and Victoria; the county of Aus-
tin, in the district composed of the counties of Austin and Colo-
rado; the county of Jasper, in the district composed of the coun-
ties of Jasper and Jefferson; the county of Harrisburg, in the dis-
trict composed of the counties of Harrisburg and Liberty; the
county of Nacogdoches, in the district composed of the counties of
Nacogdoches and Houston, shall be, and the same are hereby desig-
nated as the counties whose chief justices shall give the certificates
to the senators elect from the respective districts, and receive the
returns from the other counties in the aforesaid districts.
Sec. 13. Be it further enacted, That if at the time of any elec-
tion for civil officers, a portion of the citizens of any county shall
be absent from home, in the service of their country, they shall
choose three managers from among themselves, who shall hold the
election, under the same rules and regulations herein prescribed,
who shall seal up the returns of said election, and send them to the
chief- justice of their respective counties, who shall receive the
same.
Sec. 14. Be it further enacted, That in case of a tie between any
two or more candidates for representatives in congress, the chief
justice of the county in which such tie shall occur, shall decide be-
tween the candidates having the highest number of votes.
Sec. 15. Be it further enacted. That in case of a tie be-
tween any two or more candidates for senator to congress, if the
county in which such tie shall occur be entitled to a senator,
then and in that case, the chief justice of such county shall decide
(1351 )