18
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
declared a body politic and corporate by the name and title of “the
Corporation of the town of Brazoria/’ and by that name may sue
and be sued, implead and be impleaded, and may hold, and dis-
pose of real and personal estate in said town.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That all that tract of land, known
as the old and new town of Brazoria, shall be the limits and boun-
daries of said town.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted. That an election shall be held
in said town on the first Monday in January of every year for a
mayor, a constable and eight aldermen; the election shall be con-
ducted by the mayor and two aidermen, and the persons so elected
shall continue in office for one year or until their successors are
qualified. The mayor so elected shall be commissioned by the
chief justice of the county of Brazoria, and shall have all the powers
of an ordinary justice of the peace, in all matters and cases aris-
ing under the criminal laws of the country, and shall be authorised
and empowerd, to enforce and carry into effect such bye-laws and
ordinances as the corporation of said town shall from time to time
ordain, for the better regulation of the police thereof.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That no person shall be eligible
to any of said offices or to vote, who is not a citizen and a free-
holder or householder in said town.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That the mayor shall be presi-
dent of the board of aidermen, that a majority of the members-
of said board shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of busi-
ness, and that said board may enact such bye-laws for the govern-
ment of said town, not inconsistent with the law of the land, as may
be deemd proper, and inflict such fines, not exceeding one hundred
dollars, as may be considered necessary.
Sec. 6. Be it further enacted, That the board of aldermen shall
have entire control over the streets of said town, may order new
streets to be laid out, and old ones discontinued at their discre-
tion: Provided, however, that no new street be opened nor old one
discontinued, except by unanimous consent of the board; and the
board in such acts shall be governed by the law of the land, relative
to roads and highways.
Sec. 7. Be it further enacted, That all free males between
the the ages of eighteen and forty five years, and all male slaves
over sixteen and under sixty years of age, shall be liable to
work on the streets; that such persons shall not be compelled to
work more than ten days in any one year, and they shall be ex-
empt from other road duty. The board shall impose such fines-
( 1360 )