22
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
may sue and be sued, implead and be impleaded, and may hold
and dispose of real, personal and mixed estate in said city.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted. That all that tract of country
known as the city of Richmond shall be known as the limits and
boundaries of said city.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That the chief justice of the
county shall order an election to be held in said city, under the
superintendence of some justice of the peace, on the first Mon-
day of January next, for a mayor, a constable and eight aldermen:
and an election shall be held on the first Monday in January
of every year thereafter for the aforesaid officers, which election
shall be conducted by the mayor or two aidermen, and the per-
sons so elected shall continue in office for one year, or until their
successors are qualified; the mayor so elected shall be commissioned
by the chief justice of the county of Fort Bend, and shall have
all the powers of an ordinary justice of the peace in all matters
and cases arising under the criminal laws of the country, and shall
be authorized and empowered to enforce and carry into effect any
bye-laws and ordinances, the corporation from time to time shall
ordain for the better regulation of the police thereof.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That no person shall be eligible
to any of said offices or to vote, who. is not a citizen and free-
holder or householder in said city.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That the mayor shall be presi-
dent of the board of aidermen, that a majority of said board shall
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and that said
board may enact such bye-laws for the government of said city,
not inconsistent with the laws of the land, as may be deemed
proper, and inflict such fines not exceeding one hundred dollars,
as may be considered necessary.
Sec. 6. Be it further enacted, That the board of aidermen shall
have entire control over the streets of said city, and may order-
new ones to be laid off, and old ones to be discontinued at their
discretion: Provided however, that no new streets be opened on
old ones discontinued except by unanimous consent of the board,
and the board in such acts shall be governed by the laws of the
land relating to roads and highways.
Sec. 7. Be it further enacted, That. the board of alder-
men shall have power to levy a tax on all persons, property, real
and personal in said city; Provided, that the tax on real prop-
erty shall not in any one year exceed ten per cent, ad valorem
on such property, and no tax shall be levied on real estate, un-
( 1364)