30
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That hooks shall be opened on
the first day of February next, to receive subscriptions for said
capitol stock at the following places, to wit:—At the town of Mata-
gorda, at the house of E. Mercer, in Colorado- county, at the towns
of Columbus, La Grange and Mina, under the superintendance of
three commissioners at each place, to wit: at the town of Mata-
gorda J. T. Belknap, A. L. Clements and S. Mussiana; house of E.
Mercer, Thomas Rabb, E. Mercer and William Heard; town of
Columbus, J. W. E. Wallace, Robert Brotherton and Stephen
Townsend; town of La Grange, J. H. Moore, N. W. Eastland and
Andrew Rabb; town of Mina, John G. McGehee, Richard Vaughn
and Russel Craft; and shall continue open twenty days, and the
said commissioners shall immediately thereafter transmit to the
commissioners at Matagorda an account of the subscriptions taken
at each place, and the said commissioners at Matagorda shall im-
mediately on the receipt of the subscriptions, take an account of
the whole subscriptions taken, and if more than one hundred and
twenty-five thousand dollars shall have been subscribed for, the
said commissioners shall deduct the amount of such excess from
the largest subscriptions, in such manner that no subscription shall
be reduced in amount whilst any remain larger, and in case of
such deductions the said commissioners shall cause lists of such
apportioned subscriptions to be made out, that the subscribers may
thereby ascertain the number of shares apportioned to them re-
spectively, and that in case a less amount than one hundred and
twenty-five thousand dollars, shall have been subscribed for, the
books may again be opened by and under the superintendence of
the commissioners at the town of Matagorda, should they deem it
advisable to do so, and be re-opened at such time and places as may
be determined upon by said commissioners.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That five per cent, of the capital
stock shall be paid at the times of subscribing, the balance to be
paid at such time as the directors may call for the same, by giving
at least thirty days notice in some one newspaper; provided, that
there shall not be an amount exceeding twenty-five dollars on a
share called for at any one time; and provided further, that in
case of failure of payment being made as aforesaid, the directors
shall have the right to forfeit to the use of said company the
amount paid on such stock.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That the subscribers to said
company, their successors and assigns shall be, and are hereby
(1372 )