36
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
constitute one of the counties of this republic, and be called the
county of Fayette: beginning at Grassmeyer’s ferry on the Colo-
rado, thence in a north easterly direction at right angles with the
general course of the river Colorado, to the divide between the
waters of Colorado and the Brazos; thence down said divide, in a
southeasterly direction to the southwest corner of a league of land
granted to Wm. Burnett; thence southwestwardly crossing Colorado
river, where the upper line of a league of land granted to J. Duty,
corners upon the same; thence continuing the same course to the
Lavacca, at the upper corner of the league of land granted to Wil-
liam Ponton; thence up the Lavacca with the line between Austin
and Dewitt’s colony to the head of said stream; thence in a north-
easterly direction to the place of beginning, so as to leave Gras-
meyer’s in the county of Mina.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That the seat of justice for said
county shall be, and is hereby established at the town of La Grange,
on the east side of the Colorado river, near the La Bahia crossing
of the same.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That immediately after the pass-
age of this act there shall be a chief justice appointed for said coun-
ty, who shall proceed to organize the same, in accordance with the
laws, in such cases made and provided.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That the county court for said
county shall be held on the third Mondays in February, May, Au-
gust and November; and the district courts shall be held on the
third Mondays after the fourth Mondays in March and September
in each year, and shall continue in session until all the business
before said courts shall be finished.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That the county of Fayette be at-
tached to, and form a part of the third judicial district.
Sec. 6. Be it further enacted, That the county of Fayette be en-
titled to one representative, and be attached to the senatorial dis-
trict of Mina and Gonzales.
Sec. 7. Be it further enacted, That the returns of the election
for senator shall be made to the chief justice of the county of Mina,
who shall issue the corresponding certificate to the person elected.
JOSEPH BOWE,
Speaker of the house of representatives.
MIBABEAU B. LAMAR,
President of the senate.
Approved, Dec. 14, 1837.
SAM. HOUSTON.
( 1378 )