Laws of the Republic of Texas.
37
AN ACT
Incorporating the city of San Antonio and other towns therein
named.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted, by the senate and house of representatives
of the republic of Texas, in congress assembled, That the citizens
of San Antonio in the county of Bexar, be, and they are hereby
declared a body politic and corporate, by the name and title of the
city of San Antonio, and by that name may sue and be sued, plead
and be impleaded, and may hold and dispose of real and personal
estate in said city.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That the bounds and limits of
said city, and within which the said corporation shall exercise law-
ful jurisdiction, shall include and' comprehend all that tract of land
originally granted to and composing said city, with its precincts.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That the qualified voters of said
city shall elect members to form a city council, consisting of one
mayor, or president, and eight aidermen, and also a treasurer and a
collector; the mayor and aldermen shall appoint one or more con-
stables as may be necessary, and shall regulate their salary or fees,
and also a clerk or secretary, who shall possess a competent knowl-
edge of the Castilian and English languages, and whose salary and
fees shall likewise be fixed by said council, shall give good and suf-
ficient security to be approved by the chief justice of the county,
for the faithful discharge of their duties and of the trusts reposed
in them; the amount of their bonds if forfeited to be paid into the
city treasury.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That the first election under this
act, shall take place on the first Monday in March, one thousand
eight hundred and thirty-eight, and every following year on the
first Monday in January, and public notice thereof, shall be given
at least eight days proceeding said election, in the first instance by
the chief justice of the county, or during his absence or indisposi-
tion by one of the associate justices, under whose direction the first
election shall be held, and ever afterwards under that of the mayor
and two aidermen, who with the remainder of the council, shall
exercise the functions of their office until their successors are duly
sworn in: each member of said council and all officers appointed by
it, shall take an oath of office in the accustomed form.
( 1379 )