Laws of the Republic of Texas.
43
AN ACT
To provide for the punishment of Crimes and Misdemeanors com-
mitted by slaves and free persons of color.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the senate and house of representatives
of the republic of Texas, in congress assembled, That from and
after the passage of this act, the following shall be considered as
capital offences when committed by a slave or free person of color,
to wit: Insurrection or any attempt to excite it, poisoning Or at-
tempting to poison, committing a rape or attempting it on any
free white female, assaulting a free white person, with intent to
kill, or with a weapon likely to produce death, or maiming a free
white person, arson, murder, burglary, every and each of which
offences shall be triable in the district courts and upon conviction
shall be punished with death.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for
any free person of color, to inveigle or entice away from their owner
or master, any slave or slaves, nor to aid or assist any slave or slaves
in leaving this republic, without the consent of the owner of such
slave or slaves: nor shall it be lawful for any free person of color
to conceal or render aid or assistance to any runaway slave, with
the intent to prevent the return of such runaway to his or her
owner, and upon conviction of any of the foregoing offenses be-
fore the district courts, such free person of color shall be fined in
a sum equal to the value of such slave or slaves, and on failure to
pay the said fine shall be sold as a slave for life.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That all other crimes and mis-
demeanors, known to the common law of England, committed by
slaves, shall be triable before the county courts, and on conviction
shall be punishable at the discretion of said court, so as not to ex-
tend to life or limb.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That upon complaint made upon
oath to any member of the county court,, of any offence not capital
having been committed by any slave, it shall be the duty of said
court forthwith to call a special term of said court for the trial of
such slave, and when any such special term may be called, it shall
be the duty of the county court in conjunction with the sheriff to
draw fifteen jurors, in the usual way to attend such term, and if
any of them should fail to attend, or from challenges the number
of twelve should not be had, it shall be made up from the by-
standers.
(1385 )