48
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
any printed or lithographed promissory notes of any denomination
whatever, or any other printed or lithographed note, bill or paper,
purporting to represent the value of money and intended for cir-
culation; and any person violating the provisions of this act, shall
on conviction before any justice of the peace, or other court of this
republic, be fined in a sum not less than five dollars nor more than
fifty dollars for each offence, and it is hereby made the duty of all
grand juries of this republic to enquire into and present all persons
offending against the provisions of this act, and any person within
ten days after the passage of this act, who shall present in payment
of debt or for purchase of any property whatever any of the above
promissory notes, shall be on conviction fined not less than five dol-
lars nor more than fifty dollars.
JOSEPH ROWE, .
Speaker of the house of representatives.
MIRABEAU B. LAMAR,
President of the senate.
Approved, Dec. 14, 1837.
SAM. HOUSTON. .
AN ACT
To define the boundaries of the county of Shelby.
Seo. 1. Be it enacted, by the senate and house of representa-
tives of the- republic of Texas, in congress assembled, That
the following limits shall compose the boundaries of the county of
Shelby, from and after the passage of this act, viz: the line
beginning at the mouth of the Small Bayou which empties into
the Sabine river, just below the town of Hamilton, and running
up that Bayou to the crossing of the road leading from Hamil-
ton to San Augustine, thence on that road to a point opposite
Buckley’s, thence on a direct line including Buckley’s house to
a house lately built by J. Rowe, thence on a direct line to a
point right on the road leading from J. M. Bradley’s to San Au-
gustine, one and a half miles distant from said Bradley’s,
thence on a direct line to Kerr’s ferry on the Attoyac river,
thence up that river to its source, or to the crossing of Tram-
mel’s trail; but if the said trail should cross above the head waters
( 1390 )