Laws of the Republic of Texas.
63
tend to the duties thereof, shall perform all the duties appertaining
to said office.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That all officers appointed, or to
be appointed, under the provisions of this act, shall, before entering
on the duties of their office, take and subscribe the following oath,
to wit: “I, A B, do solemnly swear, that I will faithfully discharge
the duties of my office, without favor or partiality, so help me God,”
which said oath shall be transmitted to, and filed in the office of the
secretary of state.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That the commissioner of the
general land office shall cause to be provided a seal of office, which
seal shall not be changed except by law: and certified copies of any
records, books, or papers, belonging to said office, under the signa-
ture of the said commissioner, or chief clerk with the seal of office
thereunto attached, shall be competent evidence in all cases where
the originals could be evidence.
Sec. 6. Be it further enacted, That the commissioner of the
general land office be entitled to, and shall keep charge of the seal;
and also that he be, and is hereby entitled to and shall have custody
and control of all books, records, papers, and original documents,
appertaining to the titles of lands, heretofore and by the provisions
of the law denominated archives; and that the said books, records,
papers, and original documents shall become and be deemed the
books and papers of said office.
Sec. 7. Be it further enacted, That all patents issuing from the
land office, shall be in the name of the republic of Texas, and under
the seal of said office; shall be signed by the president of the re-
public, and countersigned by the commissioner of the general land
office, or by the chief clerk thereof.
Sec. 8. Be it further enacted, That no person appointed to an
office instituted by this act, or employed in any such office, shall
directly or indirectly be concerned in the purchase of any right,
title, or interest in any public land, either in his own name, right
or interest for any other person, or in the name or right of any
other person, in trust for himself; nor shall take or receive any fee
or emolument for negotiating or transacting the business of said
office, other than those fees allowed by law. Any person offend-
ing
shall
in the premises
against the prohibition of this act,
on conviction thereof before the
district court, be
removed from office, and fined in any sum not less then five hun-
dred dollars, and shall forfeit all the land he owns in the repub-
(1405 )