64
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
lic, and never after be allowed to hold any office of trust or profit
in this republic.
Sec. 9. Be it further enacted. That there shall be elected by
joint vote of both houses of congress, for each county, a county
surveyor, who shall reside at the county seat, and whose duty it
shall be to receive and examine all field notes of surveys, which
have been or may hereafter be made in said county and upon which
patents are to be obtained, and shall certify the same under his
hand to the commissioner of the general land "office, after having
recorded the same in a book to be kept by him for that purpose;
and shall immediately return the same to the president of the
board of land commissioners of said county. He shall before en-
tering upon the duties of his office, enter into bond with three or
more securities, to be approved by the board of land commission-
ers of the county, in the sum of ten thousand dollars, payable to
the president or his successors in office, conditioned for the faith-
ful performance of his duties; which said bond shall be recorded in
the clerk’s office of said county, and the original transmitted to
the office of secretary of state; and the said surveyor shall hold his
office for three years, and be re-eligible. He shall be entitled to
charge on all field notes and plats presented to him for inspection,
for every set of field notes and plat of a league and labor of land,
five dollars; for one-third of a league, four dollars; and for every
less quantity, three dollars. His books shall be open at all times
for inspection, and he shall be allowed thirty-seven and a half cents
for every search. He shall appoint as many deputy surveyors
as he may deem necessary for the county; and shall administer to
them the oath of office, and take the bond hereinafter prescribed,
and shall furnish them such instructions as may be furnished to
him from time to time by the commissioner of the general land
office; and such deputy susveyor, before he enters upon the duties
of his office, shall enter into bond, with two or more securities, to
be approved by the county surveyor, in the sum of five thousand
dollars, payable to the president or his successors in office, condi-
tioned for the faithful performance of the duties of his office; and
for such appointment of a deputy surveyor, the county surveyor
shall be allowed to charge and receive from the person so appointed,
the sum of five dollars.
Sec. 10. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of
each deputy surveyor, to administer an oath to each individual
employed by him as chain carrier or marker, for the faithful
performance of his duties as such, in accordance with the in-
(1406.)