Laws of the Republic of Texas.
65
structions given him: and no African, or Indian, or descendant of
either, or any person under the age of sixteen years, shall be em-
ployed in either of the above capacities: and further, it shall be the
duty of said surveyors to subscribe the name of each of the chain
carriers to his field notes, previous to his returning the same to the
county surveyor. He shall also state, to the best of his knowledge
or belief, the number of labors of irrigable lands, the number of
labors of temporal or arable lands, and the number of labors of pas-
ture lands, in each survey, for that class of claimants who are enti-
tied to land under the constitution and colonization laws, which
shall be plainly written out in the field notes, and also inserted in
each patent; and for all such surveys he shall charge and receive
three dollars for each English lineal mile actually run.
Seo. 11. . Be it further enacted, That there shall be elected by
joint vote of both houses of congress, a commissioner, who shall be
president of the board, and two associate commissioners, for each
and every county, who shall compose and constitute a board of
commissioners for their respective counties, to be styled a “Board
of Land Commissioners,” whose duty it shall be to investigate all
claims on this government for head rights to lands; and they are
hereby authorized and required to grant to any person or persons, a
certificate of their claim or claims, upon such proof being made to
them, by the party or parties claiming, as is herein required, setting
forth in said certificate the amount of land the claimant is entitled
to, upon what conditions, and the time when he, she, or they, emi-
grated to this country. The presidents of the boards of land com-
missioners shall be receivers of public monies, for their respective
counties, and shall enter into bond with good and sufficient secu-
rity, to be approved by the county court, or if there be no county
court, the board of land commissioners, in the sum twenty thou-
sans dollars, payable to the president of the republic of Texas, or his
successors in office, and conditioned for the payment of all sums
which may be received by him, on account of the public lands, to
the secretary of the treasury for the use of the republic, which bond
shall be recorded by the clerk of the county court, and the original
transmitted to the- office of the secretary of state, and for all public
monies which he may receive and pay over, he shall be allowed to
charge and receive two per cent.
Seo. 12. Be it further enacted, That every person who
shall claim a title to land in this government by virtue of the
( 1407 )