Laws of the Republic of Texas.
67
the time said law was in force, which proof so made before said
board of land commissioners, shall entitle the claimant to have his
or her land at the price fixed upon by said colonization law which
was in force at the date of said claimant’s emigration to this coun-
try.
Sec. 14. Be it further enacted, That there shall also be elected
for the several counties, a clerk, by joint vote of both houses of
congress, who shall keep, in a well bound book to be kept by him
for that purpose, a correct account of all the transactions of the
board of land commissioners, the name of every person to whom
a certificate shall be given, the amount of land granted to each
person, the time of their emigration to the country, and the name
or names of the witness or witnesses, by whom the claimants sever-
ally proved their claims; and the said clerk shall, at the end of every
month, forward to the commissioner of the general land office, a
correct list of the names to whom certificates have been given, the
amount of land granted to each individual, and the date of the
claimant’s emigration to the country; and-the said commissioner
of the general land office shall keep a record of all such returns
which may be made to his office; and the said clerk shall, before
entering upon the duties of his office, give a bond with good se-
curity, to be approved of by the board of land commissioners, for
the sum of five thousand dollars, payable to the president or his
successors in office, conditioned for the faithful performance of
the duties of his office as clerk and register, and the safe keeping
of the records thereof.
Sec. 15. Be it further enacted, That every certificate which may
be issued by the authority of this act, shall be signed by the board
of land commissioners, and attested by the clerk, and for every such
certificate so issued, the party claimants shall pay the sum of five
dollars, one half of which shall go to the clerk, and the other be
equally divided between the quorum of the board actually presid-
ing. And it is hereby made the duty of said board, and they are
required to meet at the court houses of their respective counties on
every other Thursday, then and there to transact the duties required
of them by this act, and shall remain in session so long as may be
necessary for the transaction of the business before the board, for
which services they shall be entitled to demand and receive the fees
herein allowed, and no more. Provided, that after the land offices
shall have been open three months, the said board shall not be
required to meet only on the first Thursday of each month.
89—vol. i.
(1409 )