68
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
and if that day should fall on a regular court week, so as to inter-
fere with it, then they shall meet on the next Thursday thereafter.
And further provided, that a majority of said board shall form a
quorum to transact the duties herein required of them.
Sec. 16. Be it further enacted, That the decision of a majority
of said board of commissioners shall be necessary to entitle any per-
son to a certificate of their claims, but if a majority of said board
should decide that any claimant who presents himself, or herself,
before them for a certificate of claims, is not entitled to the amount
of land which they claim, said claimant may take an appeal from
their decision to the next district court for the county in which
said claimant may live, citing the board' of commissioners to ap-
pear as defendants, where it shall be tried; and in all such cases
the district attorney shall represent the interest of the republic,
for which services he shall be allowed a tax fee of ten dollars on
every such case, to be paid by the appellant, together with all other
costs of suit, in case he or she fails to obtain a verdict in his or
her favor. But if the appellant should obtain a verdict for the
amount of land which he or she claims, the costs of suit shall be
paid by the republic, when the commissioners shall issue a certifi-
cate in accordance with such decision.
Sec. 17. Be it further enacted, That any certificate of claim to
land, which has been or may be obtained in the manner and form
herein prescribed, shall be sufficient evidence to authorize any
lawful surveyor to survey for any person holding such certificates,
any lands which he may point out, agreeably to all the laws
which do now, or may hereafter exist on that subject. Provided,
also, that where more than one application is made for the
same tract of land to be surveyed, the settler or occupant shall
have the preference if their claims be otherwise equal.
Provided, that no location or improvement made since
the declaration of independence by persons who have since
that time arrived in the country, shall be regarded when they
come in conflict with the claims of those who were here at the
declaration of independence. But those individuals entitled to
the six months preference, shall have the right of locating their
lands upon any vacant lands of the republic, without regard to
any improvements made by individuals who have arrived in Texas
since the declaration of independence. In all other cases, or in
case there be more occupants than one, the conflicting claims
shall be summarily tried by the nearest justice of the peace and
(1410)