Laws of the Republic of Texas.
71
Sec. 24. Be it further enacted, That whereas many persons
have received titles under the colonization laws as'colonists from
the different commissioners of the county, and whereas many con-
ditions were by the law attached to said titles, that all such con-
ditions be, and are hereby cancelled, and the titles to all such lands
are hereby ratified and confirmed. Provided, that such persons
shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the president of the board of land
commissioners of the county where such land may be situated,
within six months after the opening of the land office, all money
which may be due or owing on the same: provided, that the con-
dition of remaining in the country, and the provision prohibiting
the sale to aliens, shall not be repealed by this law. And further
provided, that no title by this act shall be confirmed, which was
illegal or invalid ab initio. And further provided, that this act
shall not extend to any grantee or individual for a greater amount
of land than one league and one labor.
Sec. 25. Be it further enacted, That no person shall, by virtue
of an improvement, have a right to claim more than one league
and one labor of land, and that improvement shall consist in the
, clearing and fencing in a farm like manner, at least four acres;
and this privilege shall not extend to any person or persons who
have previously received a title to the quantum of land to which
they were entitled, nor to any person or persons entitled to a grant
of land by purchase.
Sec. 26. Be it further enacted, That it is hereby declared, that
all empresarios’ contracts having ceased on the day of the declara-
tion of Independence, all the vacant lands of Texas are the prop-
erty of this republic, and subject alone to the disposition of the
government of the same.
Sec. 27. Be it further enacted, That in order to settle the
claims of empresarios, each and every one of the same are hereby
authorized to institute a suit against the president of the repub-
lic of Texas, which suit or suits shall be tried in the county in
which is situated the seat of government, and shall be tried as
all other land suits are required to be tried. And should any empre-
sario who should thus sue, fail to establish the claim for which he
sues, he shall pay all the costs of said suit. Provided, that neither
aliens nor the assignees of aliens shall be entitled to the benefits
of this act.
Sec. 28. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty
of the attorney general to attend to all such suits, in behalf of
the republic of Texas, and the president is hereby authorized to
(1413)