72
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
employ such additional counsel as in his opinion he may deem
proper; the expenses of which shall not exceed one thousand dol-
lars in each case.
Sec. 29. Be it further enacted. That every volunteer who ar-
rived in this republic after the 2nd day of March, 1836, and before
the 1st of August, 1836, and has received or may hereafter receive
an honorable discharge and has taken the oath prescribed by the
constitution, or who may have died, shall receive the quantity of
land by this act secured to original colonists.—Provided, that the
priority of location mentioned in the thirty-eighth section of this
act shall be adhered to; and further provided, that none but the
person who served, or his heirs, shall be entitled to the benefit of
this provision, and all augmentation shall accrue to the original
claimants, and not to the person to whom it may have been trans-
ferred; provided, no person who is entitled to the benefit of the first
part of this section of this act, shall be entitled to the benefits of
the latter part of the same; every person who has arrived in this
republic since the declaration of Independence, and previous to
the 1st of October, 1837, who is a free white person and the head
of a family, and who actually resides within the government with
his family, shall be entitled to a conditioned grant of twelve hun-
dred and eighty acres of land, by paying the fees of office and sur-
veying. The conditions of said grant shall be that both grantee
and his or her family shall remain and reside within this republic,
and do and perform all the duties required of otherlike citizens,
for the term of three years; after which time, he or she shall re-
ceive an unconditional deed for said land; and in no case whatever
shall a grant of that description be made unless it be satisfactorily
proven that all the conditions and provisions of the law have been
complied with. And all single free white men who have emigrated
to this republic since the declaration of Independence, and pre-
vious to the 1st of October, 1837, shall be entitled to six hundred
and forty acres of land, and if they married before the 1st day of
October, 1837, they shall be entitled to an additional quantity of
six hundred and forty acres of land upon the same conditions as
above named, and all laws contrary to the meaning and provisions
of this section are hereby repealed.
Sec. 30. Be it further enacted, That all officers and soldiers
who engaged in the services of Texas previous to the 1st
of March, 1837, whose families are now here or may arrive
within twelve months from the date of their discharges, shall be
entitled to the same quantity of land as they would have been
(1414 )