74
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
suitably qualified to fill such vacancy, whereupon it shall be the
duty of the commissioner of the general land office to fill said
vacancy by an appointment, and report the same to the congress
immediately on its next session, which officer shall continue to per-
form the duties of the office, to which he is appointed, agreeably
to the provisions of this act, until his successor is duly qualified.
Sec. 36. Be it further enacted, That so soon as the certified
copy of the field notes and plot of any survey shall be made and
transmitted to the president of the board of land commissioners
for the county where the land or a part of it lies, and the amount
of money which is fixed by law as the price of such land, be paid,
the president of the board of land commissioners shall endorse a
receipt for such payment on the back of said field notes for which
he shall give duplicate receipts and transmit the field notes to the
commissioner of the general land office, who shall forthwith make
out in due form a patent for said land, and record the same in a
book to be kept for that purpose, and transmit the original to the
president of the board of land commissioners, for the county where
the land lies, who shall enter a minute of -the said patent on his
books and deliver the same to the party who is entitled to it, or
some one authorized by him to receive the same, taking a receipt
therefor; and the said patentees in all cases shall pay as government
fees the prices fixed by the colonization laws of Coahuila and Texas
in force at the time they emigrated' to this country. And if they
emigrated subsequently to the 2nd day of May, 1835, and previous
to the declaration of Independence, they shall be required to pay
the amount fixed by a law passed by the congress, of the state of
Coahuila and Texas on the above date.
Sec. 37. Be it further enacted, That the president of the re-
public be, and he is hereby authorized to contract for the survey-
ing, and cause to be surveyed, at the , expense of this government
a sufficient quantity of land to satisfy the holders of all land scrip
that may have been issued and sold by this government, agreeably
to the law in all respects. And the secretary of the treasury is
hereby authorized to pay out of any money in the treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the expenses which may accrue in com-
pleting such surveys: provided, it shall not exceed three dollars for
each English lineal mile actually run.
Sec. 38. Be it further enacted, That where two or more
locations have heretofore been made on, and titles granted for
(1416)