Laws of the Republic of Texas.
75
the same piece of land, or where the boundaries of different titled
surveys conflict with each other, the party who has his title or
order of survey of subsequent date, may on proper showing of all
the facts, and the certificate of a legal surveyor to the board of
land commissioners of the county in which the land lies, have his
former title cancelled by said board and a new order issued for his
quantum of land or so much thereof as shall be affected by the
conflicting lines or boundaries mentioned in this section.
Sec. 39. Be it further enacted, That the several land offices
contemplated and established by this act, shall commence and go
into operation on the first Thursday in February next.—Provided,
however, that the operations of the land office in the county of
Red River, shall not extend to any portion of the territory near
the supposed boundary line between this and the United States
government of the north, and provided, also, that should any per-
son obtain a certificate for land from said board of land commis-
sioners for the county of Red River, who at the date of the ’passage
of this act shall reside east of the boundary line hereafter to be run
between Texas and the United States, said certificate shall be void,
and their operations shall be confined to the granting and com-
pleting of land titles to all those who by the existing and previous
laws have acquired a preference in the first location. Of this class
are all citizens who were residing in Texas on the day of the decla-
ration of Independence, and those volunteer soldiers who served
a tour of duty in the army of Texas previous to that time. For
this class of claimants the land office shall be opened and remain
six months in operation, granting and completing titles alone to
that class of claimants. After which other legal claimants shall be
entitled to have their land titles completed as herein provided and
directed. And the several boards of land commissioners shall be
permitted and allowed to commence receiving applications for
lands, and hearing testimony on the first Thursday of January
next, and in case the country shall be invaded to an extent inducing
the president to call out at least one-third of the militia for its de-
fence, the commissioner of the general land office shall have power
to close the land offices by proclamation, until such invasion has
terminated, and all laws heretofore enacted on the subject of pub-
lic lands shall be, and they are hereby repealed.
Sec. 40. Be it further enacted, That each county in the
republic shall be considered and constitute a section, and that
each county surveyor be required, as soon as practicable, to
(1417 )