78
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
at such times and places as they may think proper, by giving such
notice thereof as the bye-laws of said company shall prescribe,
and in case any stockholder shall neglect or refuse payment of any
such instalments for the space of sixty days after the same shall
become due and payable, and after he, she or they shall have been
notified thereof, the stock of such negligent stock holder, shall by
the directors be sold at public auction, giving at least thirty days
notice, thereof in some newspaper, and the proceeds of such sale
shall be first applied, in payment of the instalment called for, and
the expenses attending it, and the balance shall be refunded to
the owner thereof, and such sale shall in all respects entitle the
purchaser to all the rights of a stockholder to the extent of the ,
shares so bought.
Sec. 7. Be it further enacted, That a majority of the directors
of this company, convened according to their bye-laws shall con-
stitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and a majority of
' the stockholders present at any legal meeting, and at all meetings
of such stockholders, each share shall entitle the holder thereof
to one vote.
■ Sec. 8. Be it further enacted, That the directors of the said
company shall have power to fill any vacancy which may happen in
their board, by death, resignation or otherwise for the then cur-
rent year.
Sec. 9. Be it further enacted, That the books containing the
accounts of said company shall at all reasonable times be open for
the inspection of any of the stockholders, and as often as once
in each year a statement of the accounts of said company shall be
made by order of the directors.
Sec. 10. Be it further enacted, That the stock of this company
shall be deemed and considered personal property, and be trans-
ferred only on the books of said company, in such form as the
. directors of said company shall prescribe, and said company shall
at all times have a lien upon all the stock or property of the mem-
bers of said company invested therein, for all debts due from them
to said company.
Sec. 11. Be it further enacted, That this act of incorporation
shall be, and continue in force for the term of ten years from and
after its passage.
JOSEPH ROWE,
Speaker of the house of representatives.
S. H. EVERITT,
President pro tem. of the senate.
Approved, Dec. 16, 1837.
SAM. HOUSTON.
(1420 )