82
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
one vote, for each share he may hold, but no stockholder shall
vote at any election unless the share or shares upon which he may
claim to vote shall have been standing in his or her name on the
books of the said corporation for at least three months previous
to such election. In case of absence from any general meeting,
any stockholder may be entitled to vote by proxy.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That the directors of said cor-
poration for the time being, three of whom shall form a quorum,
shall have power to appoint such officers, clerks, agents and other
persons as shall be necessary for the conducting and executing the
business of the said corporation, and to allow said persons so ap-
pointed such compensation for their services respectively as they
shall deem reasonable, and generally to exercise, all other author-
ity and powers for the well ordering and governing the affairs and
funds of the said corporation.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the
said corporation to employ the funds thereof in establishing and
sustaining the business of marine and fire insurance, to insure
against loss or damages by sea, fire, enemies, and all other risks of
loss or damage to which vessels and merchandize, are liable, ves-
sels, merchandize, treasure and freight; insure vessels in port, build-
ings, merchandize and all other perishable property on land,
against loss or damage by fire, and to charge, collect and receive for
the same such premiums of insurance as the president and direc-
tors of said corporation may deem just, reasonable and commensu-
rate with the risk. It shall be lawful for said corporation to lend
at a rate of interest not exceeding ten per centum per annum, any
surplus capital which they at any time possess, which may not be
required for the payment of losses ascertained to have occurred,
to purchase and sell bills of exchange, to lend money in bottomry
and respondentia security at marine interest, and to. do all those
things which an individual citizen may do in conformity with the
law. But it shall not be lawful for said corporation to issue and
put in circulation any promissory notes of the character of bank
bills, or to exercise banking privileges.
Sec. 6. Be it further enacted, That the shares of the said cor-
poration shall be assignable and transferable according to such
rules and regulations as the president and directors thereof shall
for that purpose ordain and establish.
Sec. 7. Be it further enacted, That the president and di-
rectors of said corporation shall annually or semi-annually di-
vide to the stockholders thereof, so much of the profits of the
( 1424)