Laws of the Republic of Texas.
85
AN ACT
Supplementary to an act entitled an act to organize the Militia of
this Republic.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted, by the senate and house of representa-
tives of the republic of Texas in congress assembled, That the mil-
tia of this republic constitute one division, to be commanded by a
major general, elected by joint vote of both houses of congress.
He shall in time of peace have three aids-de-camp, with the
rank of major of cavalry, either of whom when on duty shall have
the emoluments of the correspanding rank in the regular army.
Seg. 2. Be it further enacted, That the militia of Texas shall
be divided into four brigades, each to be commanded by a brigadier
general, to be elected in the same manner as the major general;
and when a vacancy shall hereafter occur, he shall be elected by
the officers of his brigade. All that portion of the country west
of the Brazos river shall constitute one brigade; all between the
Brazos and Trinity rivers shall constitute one brigade: all between
Trinity and Sabine rivers shall constitute one brigade; and all
north of, the Sabine and of Red river one brigade.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That each brigadier general shall
be entitled to one aid-de-camp with the rank of captain of cavalry,
whose pay and emoluments shall be that of corresponding rank
in the regular army, when he is in actual service.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That all adjutants created under
this law, shall have the same pay and emoluments, when in actual
service, as officers of corresponding rank in the regular army of
the republic, and shall be liable to like penalties of misdemeanors
or unofficerlike conduct.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That the adjutant general shall
be elected by joint vote of both houses of congress, shall have the
rank and pay of colonel of cavalry, shall keep his office at the seat
of government, shall hold his office for two years, and be re-eligible,
by appointment of major general, subject to confirmation by con-
gress.
Sec. 6. Be it further enacted, That so soon as the militia shall
have been organized in the respective regiments, it shall be the
duty of the colonel thereof, by his adjutant, to visit the respec-
tive company beats, and cause, by lots, the privates of said beats
(1427 )