Laws of the Republic of Texas.
113
eral county courts, shall be, and are hereby authorized and re-
quired to issue licenses to all retailers, pedlars, &c., and receive the
duties of the government for the same, as is required by this act
in accordance with the above recited act.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, &c. That the sheriffs of the sev-
eral counties of this republic, be, and are hereby authorized and
required immediately after the first of day of January next, and in
each succeeding year to proceed to collect the taxes, and dues to
the government, by advertising at the several precincts or places
for holding elections at least fifteen days, on which day the sherif
or a qualified deputy shall attend agreeably to this advertisement
for the purpose of collecting taxes to be raised by virtue of this'
act.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That on the failure of any person or
persons to attend and punctually pay the amount of taxes that may
be due the government, then and in that case, the sheriff shall
proceed and take an execution (to be issued by any justice of the
peace for said county,) against the goods and property of said'de-
linquent or delinquents, and proceed to sell so much of the same
as will satify debts and costs.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of the
several clerks and sheriffs of the several counties to report to the
secretary of the treasury on or before the first day of September
in each year, and pay over the amount of public monies that may
have come into their hands into the treasury of the republic.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted. That the several clerks and
sheriffs of the several counties shall be allowed five per cent, in all
monies that may be collected or received by them, and- that each
and every applicant for license for retailing &c. shall pay to the
clerk as his fee the sum of one dollar.
JOSEPH ROWE,
Speaker of the house of representatives.
S. H. EVERITT,
President pro tem. of the senate.
Approved, Dec. 21, 1837.
SAM. HOUSTON.
(1455 )