Laws of the Republic of Texas.
119
river, and following its western bank to the mouth of sixteen mile
creek; thence up said creek to its source; thence in a southwardly
direction to the southeast corner of G. Coles land; thence westward-
ly with said Coles lower line, to the San Bernard; thence down said
stream to the southwest corner of league No. 8; thence with the
lower line of said league to the southeast corner; thence in a direct
line to the south prong- of Cow bayou; thence down said bayou to
its mouth; thence crossing the Brazos, and up said river to the
place of beginning.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That the said county shall be or-
ganized in conformity with an “act organizing the inferior courts,
and defining the jurisdiction of the same,” and the county courts of
said county shall be held on the second Monday in January, April,
July and October, in each year.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That the said county shall be in-
cluded in, and shall form a part of the third judicial district, and
the district court of said county shall be holden on the last Mon-
days. in February and August of each year.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of the
chief justice so soon as he shall receive a notice of his appointment,
to proceed to give notice, and, hold an election in the town of Rich-
mond, for the permanent location of the seat of justice of said
county, and he shall make a return of the result of said election to
the secretary of state.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That said county shall be entitled
to one representative in congress, and the county of Fort Bend and
Austin shall form one senatorial district, and be entitled to one
senator.
Sec. 6. Be it further enacted, That all suits which are now ex-
isting by or against any of the citizens of the county of Fort Bend,
shall be continued and concluded in the county in which they orig-
inated, in the same manner as if no division of the counties had
been made.
JOSEPH BOWE,
Speaker of the house of representatives.
MIRABEAU B. LAMAR,
President of the senate.
Approved, Dec. 29, 1837.
SAM. HOUSTON.
(1461)