LAW
FOR
PROMOTING COLONIZATION
IN
THE STATE OF COAHUILA AND TEXAS
Decree, No. 16.—The Congress, assembled for the purpose of form-
ing the Constitution of the Sovereign and Independent State of
Coahuila and Texas, desirous of augmenting by all possible means the
population of its territory: of encouraging the cultivation of its fertile
lands, the raising of stock, and the progress of arts and commerce, in
exact conformity with the Act on which the Constitution is founded;
with the federal Constitution; and the basis establishded by the Sover-
eign Decree of the general Congress, No. 72; decreeas follows:—
LAW OF COLONIZATION
OF
THE STATE OF COAHUILA AND TEXAS.
Art. 1.—All those foreigners who in virtue of the general law of the
18th August, 1824, by which security for their property and persons
is offered in all the territory of the Mexican Nation, may be desirous
of establishing themselves in any of the towns of Coahuila and Texas,
are hereby permitted; that State invites and proposes to them so to do.
Art. 2.—Those who shall do so, far from being in any way molested,
■shall be secured by the local authorities- of the above mentioned towns;
which shall allow them full liberty to engage in whatever honest calling
may suit them, as long as they duly obey the general laws of the nation,
and the ordinances of the State.
Art. 3.—Whatever foreigner at present resident in in Coahuila and.
'Texas, may determine on settling there, shall make a declaration to that
effect, addressed to the municipal authorities of the town in which he
is desirous of fixing his residence. The municipal authorities then shall
bind him by oath, which he shall make, to abide by and obey the gen-
eral Constitution, and that of the'State; to observe the Religion as stipu-
lated by the former; and in a book (the register of foreigners) which
shall be kept for that purpose, his name and those of the members of
his family, if he has any, shall be set down; noting the country from
whence he comes, whether married or single, his employment; and he
(99)