Laws of Colonization.
101
Abt. 11.—A square of land, of which each side is one league of 5,000
yards, or, what is precisely the same, 25,000,000 yards of surface, shall
be named a lot, and this shall be considered as the unity in counting
one, two, or more lots: thus, also, the unity in counting one, two, or
more subdivisions shall be 1,000,000 yards of surface, or a square of
1,000 yards each side, which is the measure of one subdivision: the yard
used in these measurements shall be three geometrical feet.
Art. 12.—Supposing the quantity of land above stated to be the unity,
and a division of the land being made, when distributed into grazing
lands and those, adapted for tillage by means of irrigation, or not re-
quiring irrigation;—this law grants to such projector or the projectors
of plans for colonization, for each 100 families which they convey, and
establish in the State, 5 lots of grazing land, and 5 subdivisions, of which
at least one-half shall be arable land, not requiring irrigation; but they
shall only receive this premium for as many as 800 families, even if they
should introduce a greater number; nor shall any fractional number, be
it what it may, which does not amount to 100, give them a right to any
recompense, even in proportion to its amount.
Art. 13.—If any one or more projectors shall, on account of the fami-
lies they have conveyed, obtain, agreeably to the preceding article, more
than 11 square leagues, the whole of the land shall be granted to them,
but they shall be under the obligation of selling the surplus within 12
years; and should they neglect to do so, the proper civil authorities shall
do it, selling it at public auction, and delivering to them the net proceeds,
after deducting all the expenses attending the sale.
Art. 14.—To each of the families included in a project of coloniza-
tion, whose sole occupation is the cultivation of the land, one division
of land shall be given; should it also breed cattle, it shall receive also
of grazing land a sufficient quantity to complete one lot; and if it only
breeds cattle, it shall have of grazing land an extent of 24,000,000 super-
ficial yards.
Art. 15.—Bachelors shall on marrying obtain a similar quantity, and
those foreigners who marry Mexican women shall have one-fourth more;
.but all those who are alone, or forming a part of no family, whether
they are Mexicans or foreigners, must content themselves with one-
fourth part of the above-mentioned portions, nor will any greater quan-
tity be allowed to them, and the allotments will be assigned to them in
this proportion.
Art. 16.—The families, and single men, who having performed the
journey at their own expense may wish to join any of the new settle-
ments, shall be permitted to do so at any time; and their assignments
of lands shall be to each individual the same as those mentioned in the
preceding articles; but if they do so within the first 6 years of the estab-
lishment of the colony, one more subdivision shall be given to each
family, and each bachelor, in lieu of the one-fourth which the 15th
Article designates, shall receive one-third part.
Art. 17.—The government is empowered to augment the assignment
mentioned in the 14th, 15th, and 16th Articles, in proportion to the
number of persons in each family, and to the industry and activity of
the colonists, in conformity with the information relative to those points
conveyed by the municipal authorities and the commissioners; but the
(101 )