102
Laws of Colonization.
government must always bear in mind the purport of the 12th Article
of the decree of the General Congress on this point.
ART. 18.—Whatever families shall settle in conformity with the 16th
Article shall immediately present themselves to the civil authorities of
the settlement which they have selected, which on finding in them the
requisites which this law demands in the new settlers, shall admit
and put them in possession of the lands to which they are entitled, and.
immediately inform the government, in order that it, or the person
whom it designates for this purpose, may give them the title deeds.
Abt. 19.—The Indians of all the tribes on the confines of the States,,
as also those of the wandering tribes in it, shall be received in the
markets without demanding of them any duties on account of the traffic
which they carry on in the natural productions of the country; and, if
thus induced by kindness and confidence any of them should be desirous
(previously making a declaration in favor of the religion and institu-
• tions) to establish themselves in any of the settlements which may be
formed, they shall be admitted, and obtain the same quantity of land as.
the settlers mentioned in Articles 14 and 15; the natives being always
preferred to the Indians coming from a foreign country.
Abt. 20.-—In order that no lands may be left without possessors,,
which will be most sedulously avoided when they are distributed, the'
. divisions will be made in squares or some other figures, although it be
irregular, if the situation requires it; and in the above-mentioned dis-
tribution, as also in the selection of those in which the new towns are to
be placed., the owners of the adjacent lands shall be cited, in order to
avoid disputes and contentions.
Abt. 21.—If, owing to any mistake in the grant, any land previously
belonging to an individual should be occupied, his claim being proved,
any portion of land wholly unclaimed shall be given to the person who
had obtained it; and, moreover, he shall be indemnified by the occupant,,
agreeably to a just computation made by proper persons and agreeably
to the laws, for all his expenses and the costs of the improvements which
may be on it.
Abt. 22.—The new colonist shall, as a species of acknowledgment,,
pay to the State for each lot of pasture land, 30 dollars; 22 for each
subdivision of arable land not irrigated, and 34 dollars for each one of
irrigated land, each in proportion to the kind and quantity of land which
has been allotted to him; but the payment of those sums shall not be
made in less than 6 years after their settlement, and in 3 equal instal-
ments, the first at the expiration of the fourth, the others at.the expira-
tion of the fifth and sixth years, under penalty of forfeiting their lands
should they neglect the payment of any one of these instalments: but
the projectors and military men, mentioned in the 10th Article, are ex-
cepted, with regard to those lands which the former have obtained as a
recompense, and the latter agreeably to the documents given them by the
government.
Aet. 23.—The municipal authorities, each in its respective district,
shall collect the abovementioned sums gratis, by means of a committee
of its own members or other persons, and shall deliver them as soon as
collected to the person who is the depositary or treasurer of its funds
and receipts, and he shall give the requisite receipt, and, with no other
charge than that of 24 per cent, which, and no more, will be allowed
(102)