Laws of Colonization.
103
him, will hold them at the disposal of the government, informing it
monthly of the receipts and disbursements, and of any inattention and
partiality in the collection; the public functionaries and the individuals
of the municipal authorities which have named them, shall be respon-
sible with their property for the conduct of the person, and, of the com-
mittee, and in order that their responsibility may be at all times posi-
tive, the nominations shall be made by vote, naming each individual,
and the government shall be immediately acquainted with their names.
Art. 24.—The government shall sell to the Mexicans, and only to
them, the lands which they may be desirous of purchasing, but shall
not allow more than eleven lots to fall into the hands of one individual,
and under the express condition, that the purchaser must cultivate the
lands which he obtains by these means within 6 years, under the penalty
of losing them: the price of each lot, in conformity with the preceding
Article, shall be 100 dollars for grazing, 150 for arable not watered, and
250 for irrigated lands.
Art. 25.—Until 6 years after the publication of this law, the Legis-
lature of the State shall have no power to alter it, inasmuch as regards
the measurement of lands, the price to be paid for them, the quantity
and description of those which are to be granted to new settlers, and
sold to Mexicans.
Art.. 26.—It shall be considered, that the many settlers who within
6 years from the date of their grant have hot cultivated or occupied
according to its quality the land which has been granted to them, have
renounced their rights, and the proper civil authority shall resume the
grant and the title deeds.
Art. 27.—The projectors, and military men, of whom previous men-
tion has been made, and those who have purchased lands, can sell their
lands at any time, on condition that the purchaser oblige himself to
cultivate them within the period in which the original possessor ought
to do so, including also the time which they have been in his hands;
the other settlers may sell theirs when they have cultivated them wholly,
and not before that time.
Art. 28.—Every new settler from the very day of his settlement can
dispose of his lands by will, made agreeably to the present or then exist-'
ing law, even although he has not cultivated them; and if he should die
intestate, the person or persons who inherit his property agreeably to
the laws, shall succeed to them under the same obligations and condi-
tions that he held them.
ART. 29.—The lands granted in virtue of this law can on no account
be allowed to pass into the hands of religious communities.
Art. 30.—The new settler who shall determine on quitting the State,
in order to establish himself in a foreign country, shall be allowed so to
do, together with all his property, but in this case shall not retain his
land, and if he has not previously sold it, or the sale been effected
agreeably to the 27th Article, it shall be again considered as wholly
belonging to the State.
Art. 31.—Those foreigners who agreeably to this law have obtained
lands, and established themselves in these settlements, are consid-
ered from that moment as naturalized in the country, and should they
marry Mexican women will be considered to have established a meri-
torious claim to obtain the rights of citizenship of the State, except,
(103 )