104
Laivs of Colonization.
however, in both instances the cases provided for by the enactments of
the Constitution of the State.
Abt. 32.—During the first 10 years, counting from the day in which
settlements are established, they shall be free from every contribution
under whatever denomination, excepting such as in the event of the in-
vasion of an enemy or in order to prevent it every citizen is subjected to,
and the produce and effects of the agriculture, and industry of the new
settlers shall neither pay a duty on transit, or sale in the markets, nor
any other kind of impost in any part of the State, excepting, indeed,
the dues referred to in the following Article. At the expiration of the
abovementioned period the new settlements shall bear the same imposts
as the old settlements, and the colonists those paid by the other inhabi-
tants of the State.
Abt. 33.—From the very day of their establishment the new settlers
shall be at liberty to pursue every branch of industry, as well as to work
mines of every description, previously coming to an agreement with the
Supreme Government of Federation relative to those which belong to
the general revenues of the nation, subjecting themselves in the working
of the others to the ordinances and laws already established, or which
may hereafter be established on this subject.
Abt. 34.—The towns shall be founded on the spots deemed by the
government, or the person it names for that purpose, most fitting, and
for each of them four leagues square shall be designated, which space
shall be either of a regular or irregular shape, according to the locality.
Abt. 35.—If any one or more of the abovementioned sites should be
the property of an individual, and the establishment of new towns in
them should be of evident public utility, they shall nevertheless be des-
tined to this purpose; an indemnification agreeably to the decision of
arbitrators being previously given.
Abt. 36.—The sites for houses in the new towns shall be given gratis
to the projectors of them, as also to artizans of every description those
which they may require for their workshops, and they shall be sold to
the others at public auction, an estimate of the value being previously
made, on condition of the price being paid in three equal instalments,
the first in six months, the second in twelve, and the third in eighteen;
but every possessor of sites, including projectors and artizans, shall pay
yearly one dollar for each one that he holds, and this sum, as also the
product of those sales, shall be collected by the municipalities, and ap-
plied to the purpose of erecting a church in the town.
Abt. 37.—At least, inasmuch as is possible, the towns shall be com-
posed of natives, and foreigners, and in tracing them care shall be taken
to give them the most appropriate plan to preserve the straightness of
the streets, running in a parallel direction to each other from South to
North, and East to West, in as much as the ground may permit.
Abt. 38.—In order to place the new towns more conveniently, to
regulate their plan, and the exact division of the lands and sites, the
government, in consequence of having admitted the projects, and agreed
with any projector or projectors who have presented it, shall commis-
sion a skilful confidential agent, giving him those instructions on the
subject which it may deem requisite and proper powers, in order that on
his own responsibility he may name one or more land surveyors, who
(104)