Laivs of the Republic of Texas.
15
of date, unless the commissioners shall think it proper and
necessary; and for that object they shall have the power to nego-
tiate two millions of the said amount of five'millions, redeemable
in a less time than thirty years, but not for a shorter period
than five years. And the said commissioners shall have power to
agree and stipulate in said bonds that the holder or holders
thereof may, at any time they may choose, surrender the same,
and in lieu of principal and interest due thereon, receive any of
the public lands at the minimum prices fixed by the Govern-
ment at the time for the sale of their vacant lands; or if said
lands are sold at auction, any of the said holders shall be al-
lowed to bid and pay the amount of their bids, with any of said
bonds in like manner as they are permitted to do at the fixed
prices as above mentioned.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That the said commissioners
shall have power to negotiate and sell such bonds for the notes
of any bank or banks whose paper shall be at par with the best
bank paper in the city of New York or Philadelphia; and the
said commissioners shall have power to stipulate that the notes
of any such bank or banks purchasing such bonds to the amount
of one hundred thousand dollars or more, shall be received in
payment of all public dues, so long as said bank or banks shall,
in the judgment of the Government of Texas, be of good char-
acter and worthy of confidence.
Seo. 3. Be it further enacted, That the President shall, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate, appoint two
commissioners, who shall have power either within the United
States or Europe to carry out the purposes and fulfil the objects
of this act in the manner specified therein, and shall be subject
from time to time to such instructions as the President may
communicate to them through the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That in case of the death or
resignation of either or both of said commissioners during the
recess of Congress, the President is hereby fully authorized to
fill such vacancy or vacancies, until the meeting of the next
Congress.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty
of said commissioners to contract’ with the Bank of the
(1485)