Laws of the Republic of Texas.
29
AN ACT
To amend an Act incorporating the City of San Antonio and
other Towns.
Sec. 1.' Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
fives of the Republic of Texas in Congress assembled. That the
third section of an “act incorporating the city of San Antonio,
and other towns therein named,” shall be amended by inserting
after the word “council” in the ninth line, the words, “and who
with the Treasurer and Collector.”
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That the eighth section be
amended by striking out from the first and second lines, the
words “in conjunction with the Justices of the County Courts:”
provided, that this section shall not apply to Gonzales.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That the ninth section of said
act be amended by striking out all after the enacting clause, and
inserting the following: “that the mayor be authorized and em-
powered to act in all cases as guardian and custodier of the peace
and quiet of the city; and he is hereby vested with all the powers
necessary therefor.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That so far as relates to the
town of Victoria, no person shall be allowed to vote for, or be
eligible to fill any office in said council, who shall not be at the
time of the election, the owner of real estate, or actually paying
rent within the incorporated limits of said town, and who shall
not have resided therein, six months previous to the election:
provided, that the Mayor and a majority of the Aidermen, shall
be bona fide owners of real estate within said limits.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That all elections heretofore
held for members of the Council of said town, and which were
not held on the day specified in the fourth section of the above
recited act, are hereby declared null and void; and the Chief
Justice of the county of Victoria shall immediately, upon the
promulgation of this act, order an election for Mayor and Ai-
dermen for the aforesaid town, for the balance of the year one
thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight.
Sec. 6. Be it further enacted, That so much of an act
entitled “an act to incorporate the town of Brazoria, and
other towns therein named,” as relates to San Patricio, is
hereby repealed; and the town of San Patricio shall be in-
(1499)