34
Laws of tire Republic of Texas.
AN ACT
For the relief of the heirs of certain persons therein named.
Whereas, a bill providing for the settlement of deceased sol-
diers’ estates, makes it obligatory on those administering upon
their estates, to publish the act of administration three months
before they shall be permitted to act upon the duties of that of-
fice; and whereas, the advantages of priority of location guaran-
teed to those who were here before the declaration of Independ-
ence will be lost, because the time to which that priority is lim-
ited, will have transpired, and consequent injury result to their
heirs. Therefore,
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the Republic of Texas in Congress assembled, That J. C.
Duval and Wm. P. Brashear, upon the evidence of two or more
respectable witnesses testifying from personal knowledge that
they are the brothers, and consequently the lawful heirs of B. H.
Duval and R. C. Brashear, (who were of the number of the un-
fortunate companions of Fannin,) be permitted to receive their
pay, bounty land and head rights, in the same manner as if they
had complied with the law requiring them to administer and to
publish the act of administration, and forbidding them to act
upon the duties of their office until the expiration of three
months.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That the Auditor be authorized
and directed to audit the accounts of B. H. Duval and R. C.
Brashear, and the Secretary of War, and Board of Land Commis-
sioners be directed upon the evidence of two or more respectable
witnesses, to issue the certificates for their bounty land and head
rights.
JOSEPH ROWE,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
MIRABEAU B. LAMAR,
President of the Senate.
Approved, May 24, 1838.
SAM. HOUSTON.
AN ACT
' For the benefit of P. S. Wyatt.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the Republic of Texas in congress assembled, That the sum
of twelve hundred ■ dollars be, and the same is hereby
allowed to P. S. Wyatt to be paid out of the Promisso-
(1504 )