44
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
low said clerks a reasonable compensation, to be paid out of the
county treasury, upon their order.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of
the sheriffs to collect, as the law directs, all the taxes which
may be due from persons of their respective counties, and in
case any person should prove insolvent for their taxes, the sheriff
shall make a due return of all such to the clerk of the county
court, who shall make a list of the same and put it up in the
court house.
Sec. 6. Be it further enacted, That all persons owning tax-
able property situated within the bounds of the county in which
they reside, in giving a list of their property, shall describe the
same particularly, stating the quality, species, quantity, valua-
tion, and in what county it is situated, and a separate list for
property situated in different counties, lists of which taxable
property shall be transmitted to the clerk of each county where
such property may be situated, upon which list it shall be law-
ful for the county court to levy a tax for county purposes, which
tax shall be levied and collected as other county taxes are in
such county.
Sec. 7. Be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful
for any county court, or any corporation, to levy and collect a
currency differing in character from that which is levied by the
republic.
Sec. 8. Be it further enacted, That hereafter a direct tax shall
be levied and collected alone upon lands, and slaves, horses, over
two: mules, over two; neat cattle over twenty-five in number;
clocks, watches, pleasure carriages, and town and city lots; pro-
vided, that nothing in this act shall be so construed, as to repeal
so much of an act enforcing taxes on taverns, grog-shops, bil-
liard-tables, merchants, nine-pin alleys, and poll tax.
Sec. 9. Be it further enacted, That in all counties where
taxes have not been given in and paid according to the laws,
it shall be the duty of the assessor to assess, and the sheriff to
collect, the taxes for the preceding year or years, at the same
time the taxes are assessed and collected for the current year,
according to the rates established heretofore by law.
Sec. 10. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty
of the clerks of the county courts, in the new counties
(1514)