46
Laws of the Republic of Texas.
AN ACT
Respecting the Abatement of Suits, &c.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the Republic of Texas in Congress assembled, That
when any party may die pending any suit in any of the courts
of this republic, the suit shall not thereby abate, but upon the
death being suggested upon the docket, it shall and may be
lawful to issue a scire facias, returnable to the next term of the
court, which being served upon the executor, administrator,
guardian, curator, or heirs, they shall be made parties to said
suit.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That when any person hath or
may hereafter die intestate, and no person will administer on
said estate, it shall and may be lawful for any person who hath
commenced any suit against such intestate in his life time, and
may wish to recover the same, to issue a scire facias against the
heirs of such intestate, and in case the heirs or minors are ab-
sent from the republic, it shall be the duty of the court to ap-
point a guardian for such heirs as are minors, for the purpose of
defending said suit, and on a return of the scire facias having
been served upon the guardian or heirs, as the case may be,
the said plaintiff may prosecute his said suit to judgment and
execution as in other cases.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That no suit now pending or
which may be hereafter brought in any of the courts by a feme
sole, shall abate by her marriage, and it shall be lawful for the
husband, at the next succeeding term after his marriage, to
make himself party to any such suit, and to prosecute the same
as if he and his wife had been original plaintiffs to such suit.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That no suits in any of the
courts which are now pending or which may be hereafter
brought against a feme sole shall abate by her intermarriage,
but their husbands respectively may be made defendants to such
suits, by scire facias, and judgment may be rendered therein,
and execution issue as though such suit had been instituted
against such husband and wife jointly; provided that nothing
herein contained shall be so construed as to make the husband
liable for any debts contracted by said feme sole before mar-
riage.
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That when any suit
(1516)