haws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
5
11th. AU officers, authorities, and corporations, both civil and mili-
tary, belonging to the State are hereby for the present confirmed, and
in the exercise" of their functions they shall be governed by the same
laws, and in the same terms as specified in the foregoing article.
12th. It is established according to settled and universal principle
that the inhabitants of the State, of whatever class or rank they may
be, can only be burthened in the same proportion as those of the other
States of the Union.
The Governor ad interim of the State, for the fulfillment thereof, shall
cause the same to be published and circulated.
Given at Saltillo on the 15th of August, 1824.
DECREE No. 2.
The constituent Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has
thought f refer to decree as follows:
1st. All the authorities, corporations, and officers of the State, of
whatever class or rank they may be, shall take the oath to acknowledge
and to obey the constituent Congress of the State.
2d. All the towns, the clergy both secular and regular, and all the
military corps of the State shall take the same oath.
3d. The said oath shall be administered in the following form, viz:
In whatever relates to the internal government thereof, do you recog- ■
nize the sovereignty and independence of the free State of Coahuila and
Texas, represented by its constituent Congress, elected according to the
constitutive act, and other decrees relative to the institution thereof?—
Yes, I do acknowledge. You solemnly swear to obey and to observe the
laws and decrees that shall issue therefrom? Yes, I do swear.—So help
you God, and should it not be thus you shall be responsible to the State,
according to the laws. In the oath that shall be taken by the authori-
ties. after the word "observe" shall be added “and cause to ie observed.”
4th. The Vice Governor and other members of the council (when
appointed) shall take the oath of recognition and obedience to the Con-
gress in the hall of its sessions on the day the said Congress shall appoint.
The former shall take the oath after the special form, approved for the
effect for himself and the Governor, who has already taken the same. .
5th. The Ayuntamiento, the superior officers attached to apartments
for public business, and the prelate of the religious order of San Fran-
cisco of this capital, shall take the oath before the Governor of the.State;
those without the capital before the first constitutional Alcalde, or the
person acting in his place, and their subordinates before their respective
superiors.
6th. The venerable secular clergy of the State shall take the oath of
recognition and obedience to Congress in the form that the Governor
of the Mitre of Nuevo Leon, and the Rev’d. Bishop of Durango shall
determine.
(115)