6
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
7th. The people shall take said oath before their respective ayunta-
mientos in the manner, and on the day, the latter shall agree; and the
same shall also administer the oath to the first Alcaldes previous to
taking it themselves.
8th. The chiefs,. officers and privates of the militia of the state shall
take the oath, with their colors placed in front.
9th. Corresponding attested copies of all these acts shall be forwarded
to the governor of the State, who shall transmit the same to congress
for its intelligence, and for the purpose of having them entered in the
archives, reserving due evidence in his secretary office, in order to exact
those that are wanting.
For the fulfilment thereof, the governor of the state shall cause the
same to be published and circulated.
Given at Saltillo the 16th of August, 1824.
DECEEE No. 3.
The constituent Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought
proper to decree as follows:
That for the present, and until the constitution of the state shall be
published for issuing and publishing the decrees of congress, the follow-
ing forms shall be used:
‘The constituent congress of the free, independent and sovereign state
of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to decree as follows:
‘For the fulfilment thereof the governor ad interim of the state shall
cause the same to be published and circulated.’
For publishing decrees, ‘The governor ad interim, appointed by the
sovereign congress of this state, to all unto whom these presents shall
come, know ye: that congress has decreed as follows:’ [The decree to be
here inserted.] ‘I, therefore, command all the authorities of the state,
civil, military and ecclesiastical, to observe, and cause to be observed,
to fulfill and to execute the present decree in all its parts.’
For the fulfilment thereof, the governor ad interim of the state shall
cause the same to be published and circulated.
Given at Saltillo on the 17th of August, 1824.
DECEEE No. 4.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree as follows:
The happy instalation of the congress of the state having already been
celebrated with joy in this capital, the same shall be observed in the
rest of the towns, chanting a solemn Te Deum in all the Parish churches,
attended by the authorities, as an act of gratitude to the Supreme Being
for so memorable an event; and public prayer shall be offered for three
days in all the churches of the state, imploring divine aid to guide the
deliberations of congress.
The governor, for its fulfilment, shall cause the same to be published
and circulated.
Given at Saltillo the 20th of August, 1824.
(116 )