Laves and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
11
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State ad interim shall cause
the same to be printed and circulated.
Given in Saltillo the 2d of October, 1824.
DECREE No. 12.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, in view of the official
communication from the executive, wherein is copied the question
proposed by the President of the Ayuntamiento of Monclova, relative
to the change of offices on the ensuing election, has thought proper
to decree as follows: •
1st. As it is proper and beneficial to the towns of the State that, be-
tween the government and the inhabitants thereof, there should be such
proportionality as is compatible with good order, and a more successful
•administration, the Ayuntamientos, as regards the number of their REGI-
dores and SINDICOS, shall conform to art. 4, of the law of the 23d of
May, 1812, and the provision of the article following of said law, shall
be without effect—and in respect to the manner and form of their re-
newal, the same shall be effected according to the practice observed
agreeably to the constitution and Spanish laws prior to the decree of the
general Congress of the 27th of November, of the year last past, with
the exception of Monclova and Bexar, where, on account of their having
been capital towns, so many individuals, of those who have been longest
in office, shall retire as to reduce the number left to one half of that
which is to compose the Ayuntamiento ensuing.
2d. This decree shall be immediately circulated by the executive to
all the towns of the State, in order that those which shall not have done
so at the time of receiving it, shall conform to the same at the ensuing
election.
For the fulfilment thereof, the Governor of the State ad interim shall
cause it to be published and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 14th of December, 1824.
DECREE No. 13.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree as follows:
Article 1. In that part of this State formerly known as the Province
of Texas, a political authority shall be provisionally established, styled
“Chief of Department of Texas.”
Art. 2. The political government of the department shall be vested
in the said chief, who. shall be under proper subordination to the Gov-
ernor of the State; pursuant thereto, it shall belong to his trust to
watch over the public tranquility, good order, the security of the per-
sons and property of the inhabitants thereof, to see to the execution
of the laws and orders of the government, and generally to attend care-
fully to all that pertains to the public order and prosperity of the
department. As he shall be responsible for abuse of his authority, so
shall he be by all persons promptly respected and obeyed. He shall
(121)