12
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
not only have power to inflict, in his administrative capacity, the penal-
ties imposed by the police laws and edicts for good government, but he
shall also be authorized to impose and to exact fines of from one to one
hundred dollars on those who do not obey and respect him, and of those
who disturb the public order and tranquility.
ART. 3. In the cases aforesaid, he shall also have power to impose a
correctional penalty of fifteen days in public works, or one month’s
arrest, according to circumstances, on persons incapable of meeting the
fine.
Art. 4. In cases where the public good and safety of the department
require the arrest of any person, he shall have power to issue orders to
that effect, but upon the express terms, that within forty-eight hours he
shall place the said person at the disposal of a competent tribunal or
judge.
Abt. 5. The local militia of the department shall be subject to his
orders, and he shall attend to the organization and regulation thereof
in conformity to the laws.
Art. 6. He can require of the military commandant such aid as he
shall need, to preserve and to restore the tranquillity of the towns, and
safety upon the roads.
Abt. 7. He shall be careful to examine and to issue, either of himself
or by his subordinates, according to the laws, the passports of all persons
coming to or going from the department, including those arriving from
or going to a foreign country.
RT.8. He shall attend actively and efficiently to every thing that
shall contribute to the safety of the coast, and give prompt notice to
the government of whatever shall occur in that section deserving its
attention, without failing to take provisionally, either of himself or by
his subordinates, such precautions as he shall think necessary for its
safety.
Art. 9. He shall take care, that in his department no individual shall
■ appropriate to himself any land; and, with respect to those who have
done so, he shall give circumstantial information thereof to government,
that the same may take such measures as it shall deem necessary.
Art. 10. He shall form the census and a statistical account of his
department, at as early a period as possible, and forward the same to the
government.
Art. 11. The ordinary residence of the chief of the department shall
be at the city of Bexar, unless imperious circumstances shall require his
presence in other parts of the district under his command.
Art. 12. Said chief shall preside over the popular juntas, which,
agreeably to the laws, require the attendance of the superior political
authority. He shall also preside over the Ayuntamiento of the place
where he resides; and when, from any cause, he shall be in another town
of the Department, he shall have power to preside at the Ayuntamiento
thereof, should he judge proper, but without having a vote in either,
except the casting vote in case of a tie.
(122)