Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas,
15
hereafter expend and provide for the consumption thereof in the towns
of the same, for which purpose a cigar manufactory shall be established
in this capital, as soon as possible, for paper cigars and other kinds, with
such offices as are absolutely necessary. The executive shall propose the
number and class of the same, their salaries, shall frame suitable regula-
tions; all of which he shall gives notice to Congress for approval.
Art. 5. To put the manufactory in operation, and to give life and
activity to the income, the executive shall contract a loan of the amount
he shall deem necessary, on the most suitable basis and conditions;
making to the contractor such proposals as are just, and capable of being
punctually fulfilled, likewise admitting proposals of the same kind; for
all which he shall have sufficient power.
Art. 6. During the interval, until the regulations specified in art. 4
are approved, he shall be likewise duly authorized to protect the financial
concerns, and faithful management of the manufactory, taking all such
measures as he shall deem seasonable and prudent, to have the purchasers
of paper made at the most reasonable prices; but as this article is very
dear at present, to compensate for the high price thereof, two cigars shall
be deducted from each bunch, and in the places where the cigars are
sold, it shall be expressly prohibited to exact any other tax from any
cause, and on any pretense whatever.
Art. 7. As regards the organization of this rent, proper provision
shall shortly be made in the plan for the provisional regulation of all
the State rents, to be decreed by another law.
For the fulfilment thereof, the governor of the state ad interim shall
cause the same to be published and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 19th of February, 1825.
DECEEE No. 16.
The constituted Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, desiring
by every means to augment the settlement of its territory, to advance
the raising and increase of stock, and the progress of the arts and
commerce, in conformity with the constitutive act, the constitution of
the Republic, and the basis established by decree No. 72, of the general
Congress, has thought proper to decree the following,
COLONIZATION LAW:
Article 1. All foreigners who, in virtue of the general law of the
18th of August, 1824, which guarantees the security of their persons
and property in this Republic, shall wish to emigrate to any of the set-
tlements of the State of Coahuila and Texas, are permitted to do so; and
the said State invites and calls them.
Art. 2. Those who shall thus emigrate, far from being molested,
shall be admitted by the local authorities of said settlements, and per-
mitted by the same freely to engage in any honest pursuit, provided
(125)