16
Laivs and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
they respect the general laws of the Republic, and the laws of the
State.
Art. 3. Any foreigner, already arrived in the State of Coahuila and
Texas, who shall resolve to establish himself, and become domiciliated
therein, shall make a declaration to that effect before the Ayuntamiento
of the place he shall select as his residence, by which, in that case,
he shall be sworn to obey the Federal and State Constitution, and to
observe the religion prescribed in the former; and his name, and those
of his family, if he have any, shall be registered in a book to be kept
for the purpose, specifying the place he is from, his age, occupation;
whether he is married, and that he has taken the oath prescribed, con-
sidering him henceforth, and not before, as domiciliated.
Art. 4. Any foreigner, from the time he is domiciliated agreeably
to the foregoing article, shall be permitted to specify any vacant land,
and it shall be the duty of the respective political authority to forward
the instrument that shall be drawn to the executive for his approval,
should he consider the applicant the same as the natives of the country,
conforming to the existing laws on the subject.
Art. 5. Foreigners of any nation whatever, and natives of this re-
public, can project the formation of new towns upon lands entirely va-
cant; and, in the ease of article 35, even upon those privately appro-
priated; but the new settlers, who present themselves to be admitted,
shall prove, by certificate from the authorities of the place from which
they came, their Christianity and good moral character.
Art. 6. Foreigners, who shall arrive at a time when the general Con-
gress shall have prohibited their entrance for the purpose of colonizing,
as after the year 1840, the same will have power to do, or sooner with
respect to those of some nations, shall then not be admitted; and those
who shall apply within the proper time, shall always submit to such
precautionary measures for the safety of the federation, with regard to
themselves, as the supreme executive, without prejudicing the object of
this law, shall adopt.
Art. 7. The executive shall take care that within twenty frontier
leagues bordering on the United States line, and ten littoral leagues
upon the coast of the Gulf of Mexico, within the limits of the State, no
other settlments shall be made than such as shall meet the approbation
of the executive of the Union, to whom all future petitions on the sub-
ject, accompanied by a corresponding report, shall be transmitted.
Art. 8. Projects for new settlements, wherein one or more persons
shall offer to bring, at their own expense, one hundred families or more,
shall be presented to the executive; who, on finding them in con-
formity to this law, shall admit the same, and immediately designate to
the contractors the land whereon they shall establish themselves, and
the term of six years, within which they shall present the number of
families for which they contracted, under the penalty of losing the
rights and privileges offered in their favor, in proportion to the num-
ber of families they shall fail to introduce, and of the contract becom-
(126)