Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
19
cording to the laws, for the expense he has incurred in the improvements
that shall appear thereon.
Art. 22. The new settlers shall pay to the State, as an acknowledge-
ment for each sitio of grazing land, thirty dollars; for each labor, not.
irrigable, two and a half; and for each that is irrigable, three and a
half; and so on, proportionally, according to the class and quantity of
land distributed to them; but the payment thereof need not be com-
pleted under six years from settlement, and in three instalments: the
first in four, the second in five, and the third in six years, under a pen-
aly of forfeiting the land for a failure in any of the said payments; the
contractors and the military mentioned in article 10, shall be exempt
from this payment; the former, as regards the lands granted them as a
premium, and the latter, for that which they obtain agreeably to their'
patents.
Art. 23. The Ayuntamiento, each in its own limits, shall collect
the aforesaid funds gratis, by a committee appointed from within, or
without, their own body; and shall remit the same, as fast as collected,
to the depositary or treasurer of their funds and means, who shall give
the corresponding receipt, for no other compensation than two and a
half per cent, which is all that shall be allowed him, and who shall
hold the said funds at the disposal of the Executive, giving an account
monthly of the amounts received and remitted, and of any remissness
or fraud he shall observe in their collection. The treasurers and com-
mittees shall be held responsible with their property for their manage-
ment, and moreover the individuals of the Ayuntamiento that shall ap-
point them; and, that this responsibility may at all times be effectual,
the said appointments shall be made viva voce, and information thereof
shall be immediately given to the executive.
Art. 24. The government shall sell to Mexicans, and to them only,
the lands they shall wish to purchase, but shall take care that there
shall not be united in the same hands more than eleven leagues, and
subject to the condition, that the purchaser shall cultivate those he shall
acquire by this title within six years from the acquisition, under the
penalty of forfeiting the same. Allowing the aforesaid condition, the
price of each sitio shall be one hundred dollars for grazing land; one
hundred and fifty for tillage land not irrigable, and two hundred and
fifty for irrigable tillage land.
Art. 25. Until the expiration of six years from the publication of
this law, the legislature of the State can not alter the same in the
provisions thereof, relative to the acknowledgement and the price that
shall be paid for the lands, and the quantity and class, whereby the same
shall be distributed to the new settlers, and sold to Mexicans.
Art. 26. It shall be understood that the new settlers who shall not,
within six years from the date of their possession, have cultivated or
occupied, agreeably to their class, the lands that shall be granted
9—VOL. 1.
(129)