20
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
them, have renounced the same; and the respective political authority
shall immediately proceed to take back from them the lands and titles.
Art. 27. The contractors and the military, already mentioned in their
turn, and those who have acquired lands by purchase can alienate the
same at any time, provided the successor obligates himself to cultivate
the same within the same term as was obligatory on the part of the
original proprietor, likewise reckoning the term from the date of the
primitive titles. The other settlers shall be authorized to alienate their
land, when they shall have completed the cultivation thereof, and not
before.
Art. 28. Every new settler, from the time of his settlement, shall
be permitted to dispose of his land, although it shall not be cultivated,
by testament made in conformity to the laws that are now, or shall
hereafter be in force; and should he die intestate, his lawful heir or
heirs, shall succeed him in the enjoyment of his rights and property,
assuming in both cases the obligations and conditions incumbent on
the respective grantee.
Art. 29. The lands acquired by virtue of this law shall not be held
in mortmain by any title whatever.
Art. 30. New settlers, who shall resolve to leave the State, to estab-
lish themselves in a foreign country, shall be at liberty to do so with
all their property, but after thus leaving, they shall no longer hold their
land; and should they not have previously disposed of the same, or
should not the alienation be in conformity to art. 27, it shall become
entirely vacant.
Art. 31. Foreigners who shall have obtained land according to this
law, and established themselves in the new settlements, shall, from that
time, be considered naturalized in the country; and by marrying natives
of the Republic, they shall possess a special merit for obtaining letters
of citizenship of the State, saving what the constitution of the State,
on either subject, shall provide.
Art. 32. During the first ten years from the time the new settle-
ments are founded, the same shall be free from all taxes of whatever
denomination, except such as shall be generally imposed to prevent or
repel foreign invasion, neither shall the products and effects of agricul-
ture and industry pay excise, or other kinds of impost, in any part, of
the State, except only the duties to which the following article refers;
after the expiration of the aforesaid term, the new settlements shall be
liable to the same burthens as the old, and the colonists the same as the
other inhabitants of the State.
Art. 33. The new settlers, from the time of their establishment,
shall be free to promote any kind of industry; they shall also be per-
mitted to work mines of every description, agreeing with the national
executive with respect to those that pertain to the national revenue, and
subjecting themselves in working the others to the ordinances and du-
ties that are now, or shall hereafter be established, with regard to the
business of mining.
( 130 )