22
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Art. 42. Foreigners shall be qualified to elect, and to be elected, mem-
bers of their municipal juntas, reserving the provision that shall be made
by the constitution of the State.
Art. 43. The municipal expenses, and all such as are deemed neces-
sary, or for the public good in the new towns, shall be proposed to .the
executive by the respective Ayuntamiento through the channel of the
political chief, accompanied by a plan of means which the said Ayunta-
miento shall conceive to be just and proper for covering the said expen-
ses; and should the plan proposed be approved by the executive, he shall
order the same to be executed, subject, however, to the resolution of
Congress, to whom it shall be immediately transmitted, with the report
of the executive and that of the political chief thereon, who shall always
state what occurs on the subject.
Art. 44. The executive shall send to the chief of department of
Texas the individuals who shall be sentenced to fortresses as vagrants,
and for other crimes, in the other parts of the State, for the purpose of
opening and repairing roads, and for other public works in that depart-
ment. The said criminals can be employed to work for private individ-
uals for competent daily wages; and at the expiration of their punish-
ment they shall be permitted to annex themselves to any of the new
towns as colonists, and obtain the corresponding land, should they have
reformed and become worthy in the opinion of the chief of department,
without whose certificate, to that effect, they shall not be admitted.
Art. 45. The executive, in connection with the respective ordinary
ecclesiastics, shall take care that the new towns are provided with a com-
petent number of pastors; and, with the concurrence of the same author-
ity, he shall propose to Congress the salary to be paid them by the new
settlers.
Art. 46. In respect to the introduction of slaves, the new settlers
shall subject themselves to the laws that are now, and shall be hereafter
established on the subject.
Art. 47. The petitions pending, upon the object for which this law
provides, shall be despatched according to the same, and for this purpose
they shall be passed to the executive; and all families established in the
State, without yet having land legally assigned them, shall conform to
the said law, and to what'the executive of the union shall direct, with
respect to those who are within twenty leagues of the line of the United
States of the North, and ten border leagues upon the coast of the’ Gulf
of Mexico.
Art. 48. This law shall be published in all the towns of the State;
and that the same may be known to the other States of the union,
it shall be communicated to the respective legislatures thereof through
the Secretary’s office of this, and in compliance with article 161 of the
federal constitution, the executive shall take ’special care to transmit a
certified copy thereof to both chambers, and to the executive of the
union, requesting him to give general circulation to the said law, through
his ministers, to foreign powers.
(132)