Laics and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
25
Art. 2. It having been declared that there 'is a just ground for ac-
tion, Congress shall order the record to be forwarded to the competent
Judge to be put in execution; and without this requisite, no Judge can
be tried for the aforementioned crimes.
Art. 3. For the present, in cases presented, until the primary tribunal
is organized in the State, the constitutional Alcaldes and Regidores of-
ficiating in legal turn, are constituted Judges of responsibility.
Art. 4. The said Judges can take cognizance, and, consulting a law-
yer, proceed so far as to pronounce sentence; but the sentence can in no-
wise be executed without having been previously revised by the cor-
responding tribunal.
For-the fulfilment thereof, the Governor of the State ad interim shall
cause it to be published and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 14th of July, 1825.
DECREE No. 19.
Prescribing the prerogatives, attributes, and restrictions of the Gov-
ernor, the appointment of his Council, pozvers of the latter,
and those of the Secretary of the Executive.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, in order that the Ex-
ecutive and his Secretary of despatch have their attributes defined, and
an established rule by which to be governed, and that the former may
discharge his duties of office more successfully, aided by a council,
whose respective powers shall also be prescribed, until the constitution
is promulgated, has thought proper to decree as follows:
SECTION 1.
PREROGATIVES OF THE GOVERNOR.
Art. 1. He shall have power for once only within ten days, after hear-
ing the opinion of the Council, to make annotation on laws not of a con-
stitutional character, dictated by the Congress of the State, suspending
the publication and execution of the same until the said Congress shall
resolve thereon.
Art. 2. He can propose to Congress, after advising with the Coun-
cil, such laws and reforms as he shall deem conducive to the welfare of
the State.
Art. 3. He can only be accused before Congress, during the term of
his office, for whatever crime he may have committed during that per-
iod.
(135)