26
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Art. 4. He can only' be accused before Congress within one year
from the time in which he went into office, for any crime committed
during the term of his service; after the expiration of this period he
cannot be accused for them.
ATTRIBUTES OF THE GOVERNOR.
Art. 5. He shall take care that the constitution, constitutive act, laws,
and orders of the federation, and of the Congress of the State, are punct-
ually fulfilled; issuing such decrees and orders as shall be necessary
and proper for that effect, and transmitting to Congress copies of those
he shall receive from the general Congress, and his excellency the-Presi-
dent of the Republic, without impeding or retarding for this reason the
publication thereof.
Art. 6. He shall form such instructions and regulations, for the bet-
ter government of the departments of the public administration of the
State, as he shall deem proper, after hearing the Council, and transmit
the same to Congress for approval, without their being thereby pre-
vented from being provisionally put in immediate execution.
Art. 7. He shall take care that public order and tranquillity be pre-
served within the State, and of its safety without; disposing of the
militia of the State for both objects, and in default thereof he shall de-
mand the aid of the garrison stationed within the same. In case of in-
vasion or internal movement, endangering the safety of the State, he
shall dictate whatever measures he shall deem proper for defense, and
for the restoration of order; giving immediate notice to his excellency
the President of the Republic, and to the Congress of the State.
Art. 8. He. shall freely appoint and remove the Secretary of de-
spatch; giving immediate notice to Congress, and to the people, and
making known the sign manual of those newly appointed.
Art. 9. He shall supply all the officers of the State, of Executive and
not of popular appointment, conforming to the provisions of the
laws.
Art. 10, He shall, for the present, -with the advice of the Coun-
cil, exercise exclusive control in the provision, even of ecclesiastical of-
ficers of the State, according to the form to be prescribed by Congress
in a separate decree.
Art. 11. He shall see that justice is promptly and efficiently ad-
ministered by the tribunal of the State, and that the decisions of the
same are executed. He cannot for this inspection, interfere in the ex-
amination of causes pending, neither can he, in any manner, dispose of
the persons of defendants in criminal cases during the trial.
Art. 12. He shall take care of the administration and collection of all
the State rents, and decree the disposition of their proceeds only in
such expenditures as Congress shall approve; consulting the same in
extraordinary expenses, unless they occur so imperious and pressing as
not to allow time for the consultation, in which event the Governor
(136 )