Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
27
•can dispose of the same himself, giving immediate notice to Congress
dor approval.
Art. 13. He shall have power, after hearing the opinion of the Coun-
cil, to suspend from office, as long as three months, and deprive them
of one half their salary for the same length of time, all public servants
connected with the executive administration, and of his appointment, or
approval, should they fail strictly to discharge their duties; and in cases
where he considers a judicial process ought to be instituted against them,
he shall communicate the facts of the case to the respective tribunal.
For infringement of the constitution or law, a process' shall always be
instituted.
Art. 14. Should one or more, the whole or a majority, of the indi-
viduals composing the Ayuntamientos of the State abuse their pow-
ers, he shall have power, after hearing the Council, to suspend the
same; making known to Congress the measure and motives thereof for
the corresponding decision, and providing that the respective classes
of the year preceding enter upon office in place of the persons sus-
pended.
Art. 15. He shall take cognizance in appeals and doubts that occur
in respect to elections, and in official letters of the Ayuntamientos, and
shall decide thereon discretionarity in his executive capacity, and in an
instructive manner, without judicial contest or debate. The power
granted the Executive, by this and the preceding article, shall be un-
derstood as not affecting that which belongs to the Chief of the Depart-
ment of Texas, in his respective district.
Art. 16. He shall see that the civic militia is modelled agreeably to
the discipline prescribed, or to the provisions made by the general Con-
.gress in new regulations. ,
Art. 17. That the Governor may be duly respected and obeyed, upon
those who do not respect and obey him he can impose fines discretion-
.ally to the amount of three hundred dollars, to be applied to the revenue
-of the State, or to any branch of public utility.
Art. 18. He shall consult the Council on all important Executive
.affairs; all business, of whatever department, from which a general
rule of good government may result, being understood to be of this
-description.
Art. 19. He shall see that the provisions of the 8th and 9th clauses of
article 161 of the Constitution of the Republic is fulfilled; communicat-
ing to Congress a circumstantial and comprehensive, notice of the par-
ticulars contained in the first of said clauses.
Art. 20. For any just reason, he can grant permission to the officers
-of the State, belonging to any branch of the Executive administration,
to retire from their duties for a time not exceeding two months. Should
the leave of absence be for a longer time, he shall grant the same with
the concurrence of the Council.
Art. 21. He can appoint a public speaker from within or with-
out the Council, to exercise the voice of the Executive in the case of ar-
(137)