28
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
tides 1, 2 and 6; and, when Congress shall think proper, the same shall
be present only at the debate.
Art. 22. He shall make use of his entire sign manual in communica-
tions with the high national and State authorities, with those of the
other States, in the promulgation of the laws, and in commissions he
shall extend to the officers. Otherwise, he shall use his partial sign,
manual.
Art. 23. Until the respective subordinate authorities are established,,
to whose charge the political and economical administration shall be
committed from and after the sessions in which it shall be thought proper
to divide the territory of the State, the Governor shall exercise all those
powers which, according to the law of the 23d of June, 1813, were'
exercised by the political chiefs of provincial deputations in the ancient
form of government, so far as the same are not opposed to that recently
adopted, and to the provision of this decree.
Art. 24. The Governor shall preside over all the civil authorities of
the State during public ceremonies. His style of dress shall be that of
his excellency, as heretofore provided, in official communications; and,,
on religious festivals, he shall be received with the etiquette prescribed
by decree of the 23d of October, 1824, until the general Congress shall
regulate the exercise of the right of conferring benefice, (being that of
Patrons) throughout the Republie.
RESTRICTION OF THE POWERS OF THE GOVERNOR.
Art. 25. He cannot command the local militia of the State in person,,
without the express consent of Congress.
Art. 26. The Governor cannot deprive any individual of his liberty,,
nor, of his own authority, impose corporal punishment; but when the
safety and welfare of the State require the arrest of any person, he can
issue orders to that effect, on condition, that within forty-eight hours
he shall place the persons arrested at the disposal of a competent tribunal
or judge, manifesting at the same time, in writing, the cause of the
arrest.
Art. 27. He cannot take possession of the property of any private
individual, or corporation, or disturb the same in the peaceful posses-
sion, use, and benefit thereof; and should it, in any case, be necessary
for an object of known public utility to take the property of a private
individual or corporation, he cannot do it unless with the concurrence
of the Council, and in all cases he shall indemnify the party interested,
agreeably to the decision of appraisers to be chosen by the Executive
and the said party.
Art. 28. He cannot impede elections, determined or that shall be
appointed by the laws, nor can he prevent the same from having their
due and entire effect.
Art. 29. He cannot leave the capital, to go to any part of the
State, for a longer time than one month. Should he need a longer
(138)