Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
29
time, or should he be under the necessity of leaving the State, he shall
apply to Congress for permission.
SECTION II.
Appointment of the Executive Council and, attributes of the same.
ART. 30. For the better discharge of the duties of his office, until the
Constitution is promulgated, the Governor shall have a body for aid and
advice, to be styled Council of the Executive; and the style of address
of the same shall be that of his Excellency. The same shall consist of
the vice Governor and four other individuals, of whom one only can be a
clergyman.
Abt. 31. The appointment of all the members of the Council shall be
made by Congress by absolute majority of votes, and by secret inquiry.
Service in this body, by the citizens appointed, shall be laudable in the
State, and shall be regarded in the light of a municipal office, which
no one can decline without a legal and satisfactory impediment in the
judgment of Congress.
Art. 32. To be a member of the Council, it is required to be a citizen
in the enjoyment of his rights, over twenty-five years of age, known to
be in favor of the form of government adopted, and for this time only
domiciliated in this capital, or its environs within six leagues thereof,
to avoid the serious injury resulting to the citizens of the other towns,
should they be obliged to come to discharge the duties of stations, for
the present served in the light of municipal offices.
- Art. 33. The Vice Governor shall preside over the Council; and in
his default, the first member in the order of appointment: but the Gov-
ernor, when he attends, shall preside, without having a vote.
Art. 34. The Council shall hold ordinary sessions on the days ap-
pointed in the internal regulations thereof; also, extraordinary,
whenever the Governor shall request, or the said Council agree
thereon.
Art. 35. Both shall be holden in a hall of the capitol, appropriated
to that purpose, with open doors; unless, in the judgment of the Gov-
ernor or the Council, the subject be of a secret nature.
Art. 36. The Secretary of the,Council shall be one of the members
thereof, and appointed by the same.
Abt. 37. The attributes of the Council shall be as follows:
1.	To render a written report to the Governor on all affairs, wherein
he is required by law to demand the same; likewise on all others, wherein
he shall think proper to consult the Council, in order to devise a proper
course- of action.
2.	To attend carefully to the observance of the Constitution, consti-
tutive act, and laws of the union, as well as the laws of the State, forming
records on any infringements noticed by the same, and giving notice
therewith to Congress, through the channel of the Governor, unless it
be against himself, or his Secretary.
(139)