Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
31
they be under the necessity of leaving the State, they shall solicit per-
mission from Congress.
Art. 44. The Vice Governor, and other members of the Council, shall
present themselves in the hall of sessions of Congress on a day ap-
pointed, and take oath to obey the Constitution, the constitutive act,
and the laws and decrees of the Republic, and those of the State, and
faithfully to discharge the duties of their office.
Art. 45. The Council, in attending on public ceremonies, shall rank
next to the Governor.
SECTION III.
SECRETARY OF STATE.
Art. 46. The Governor shall have a Secretary, to be styled Secre-
tary of State, who shall have charge of all kinds of business whatever,
pertaining to the Executive department of the State.
Art. 47. To fill the said office it shall be required, to be a citizen in
the exercise of his rights, over twenty-five years of age, a native of the
Republic, domiciliated in the State with three years residence therein
previous to his appointment.
Art. 48. The style of address of the Secretary in official communi-
cations, shall be that of Lordship, and he shall be considered the head
of his office; wherein he shall appoint and remove the Clerks at his
pleasure: whose number and salaries shall be changed as the labors and
their qualifications, in the opinion of the Secretary, with approval of the
Governor, shall require.
Art. 49. All orders and decrees, regulations and instructions, circu-
lated to the towns, or directed to a particular individual or corporation,
shall be previously signed by the Secretary, and without this requisite
they shall not be obeyed.
Art. 50. The Secretary of State shall be responsible to Congress, with
his person and office, for all orders and measures of the Governor, which
he shall authenticate with his signature, containing any disposition con-
trary to the Constitution, constitutive act, and general laws of the Re-
public, or the laws of the State, or the orders of his Excellency the Presi-
dent of the Republic, not manifestly opposed to the said Constitution
and laws, without availing himself, as a plea or excuse, of his having done
so by order of the Governor.
Art. 51. The Secretary shall sign every copy emanating from the
office under his charge, and shall present to the Governor, monthly, a cir-
cumstantial notice of the number of subjects dispatched in the said
office, to be printed and circulated.
Art. 52. The Secretary shall attend the sessions of Congress when
called upon to give information upon any subject of the Executive de-
partment, and when ordered by the Governor, to give any information.
In the latter case he can also attend the Council.
(141)