32
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Art. 53. The orders of government, and all communications issuing
from the Secretary’s office, printed or in manuscript, shall bear upon
the top of the left margin the government seal, which shall also be
stamped on the wrapper.
Art. 54. The seal shall contain, within the figure of an elipses, the
eagle upon a nopal, crowned with the cap of liberty, with lines diverging
therefrom, representing rays of light; the border of the oval bearing the
following inscription: “Executive Department of the State of Coahuila
and Texas.”
Abt. 55. The Secretary shall form a set of internal regulations for
his office, and present the same to the Governor, who shall pass the
same, accompanied by his report, to Congress for examination and ap-
proval; directing that during the interval the regulations be observed, as
revised by himself.
Art. 56. In attendance on public occasions the Secretary shall take
his place after the officers.
Eor its fulfilment, the Governor of the State ad interim shall cause
it to be printed, published and circulated.
Given in Saltillo, August 25th, 1825.
DECREE No, 20.
Appointment of Vice Governor and voters of the Executive Council.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, having proceeded,
pursuant to the provision of section 2d of Decree No. 19 of the 25th
instant, to the appointment of a Vice Governor and other members,
who are to compose the Executive Council of the State, has thought
proper to decree as follows:
Art. 1. Jose Ignacio de Arispe, having received the absolute ma-
jority of the votes of Congress for that office is elected Vice Governor
of the State pro tem.
Art. 2. Juan de Goribar, Jose Ignacio Sanches, presbyter, Jose Ig-
nacio Alcocer, and Jose Ignacio de Cordenas, licentiate, having received
the absolute majority of the votes of Congress, are elected Executive
Councillors of the State, and shall severally be eldest in office according
to the order of their appointment.
Art. 3. Said officers shall present themselves to Congress at 12
-o’clock on the morrow, to take the oath specified in article 44, of Decree
Vo. 19, aforesaid.
Art. 4. The style of address of the Vice Governor, as President of
the Council, shall be that of his Excellency; and that of the Councillors
of Lordship, in official communications only.
Art. 5. The Governor is authorized to furnish all necessary expense
to provide a hall, for the Council to hold their sessions, in a style
( 142 )