Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
33
-corresponding to their rank, and consistent with the condition of he
itreasry.
Aet. 6. The Governor shall appoint a day for the installation of the
Council, which he shall attend, to give greater solemnity to the act, giv-
ing previous notice to Congress thereof.
For the fulfilment thereof, the Governor of the State pro tem shall
-cause the same to be published and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 31st of August, 1825.
DECBEE No. 21.
Extraordinary poivers of the Governor of the State fro tem.
'The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, reflecting that the
persons who excite commotion and disorder under various pretexts
will resort to seduction, deceit, and artifice of every kind, to subvert
the present form of government, commencing by offenses committed
against the highest authorities of the State; also, desiring at the
same time to take proper measures to preserve order, and to save the
State from the evils of anarchy that would result from the dissolu-
tion of the highest powers, has thought proper to decree as follows:
The Governor of the State pro tem. is invested with extraordinary
administrative powers, and without subjection to legal forms, to arrest
those persons without distinction of rights of law, against whom there
may be in his opinion a strong suspicion that they will attempt to dis-
turb the public tranquility, under whatever pretext; and also to des-
tine the said persons, for a time not exceeding three months, to such
■places in the State as he shall think most proper for the preservation of
-order; independent of the process he shall order to be instituted against
them according to the existing laws, in the places to which they are
destined; unless they are of the military, in which case, on being appre-
hended, they shall be delivered over to their respective commanders.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State pro tem. shall cause it to
printed and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 26th of February, 1826.
DECBEE No. 22.
Restoring and f reserving the public tranquility in the State.
The Congress of the State of Coahhuila and Texas, satisfied that it is
their principal duty to use their utmost efforts, and take all possible
(143 )