Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
37
domiciliated and residing within the limits of the respective Ayunta-
mientos.
Abt. 5. All freemen, born within the limits of the Republic of
Mexico,—all those who, domiciliated therein, have acquired this and
other rights by the treaties of Iguala and Cordova,—-those who have
acquired letters of citizenship, provided they combine the conditions
required by this law, shall have the right of suffrage in popular jun-
tas.
Abt. 6. Those who have been sentenced to corporal or disgraceful
punishment, shall not have the right of suffrage, unless re-instated by
law in said right.
Abt. 7. The right of suffrage shall be suspended, on the correspond-
ing judicial testimony, in case of moral and physical inability—of minors,
but married men of any age shall have the said right,—in case of debt to
the public funds, due, and payment having been demanded—and in
case of not having a domicil, employment, trade, or known way of sup-
port,—also of those under criminal prosecution.
Abt. 8. Primary meetings shall be holden in all towns, whose popula-
tion amounts to five hundred souls; and, in those which have no Ayunta-
miento, the regidor, whom the Ayuntamiento of the chief town of the
same district shall appoint, shall preside.
Abt. 9. Towns not containing five hundred inhabitants, also hacien-
dos and ranchos, whatever be the population thereof, in elections, shall
appertain to the nearest junta.
Abt. 10. The Ayuntamientos, for assistance in keeping the census of
the municipalities, shall avail themselves of the parish lists.
Abt. 11. All towns, in order to facilitate the elections, whether those
made by themselves or in connexion with their district, shall be divided
into such number of sections as the Ayuntamientos shall consider suffi-
cient. At the junta of each, the number of electors corresponding to
the respective population thereof, shall be chosen.
Abt. 12. The choice of electors in the sections can devolve on citizens
of every section.
Abt. 13. Should a citizen be chosen in two or more sections, the elec-
tion of that wherein he resides shall be preferred: and for the other sec-
tions, the citizens who shall have the next highest number of votes shall
be elected.
Abt. 14. Should a citizen, chosen elector, not be a resident in any of
the sections by which he was chosen, the election of that wherein he re-
ceived the most votes shall avail.
Abt. 15. The primary juntas shall be holden on Sunday, the 27th of
the aforementioned month of August.
Abt. 16. They shall be presided by the President of the respective
Ayuntamientos,—and should the town be divided into sections, the junta
of one shall be presided by the said President, and the rest by the
other Alcaldes and Regidores, according to the order of their appoint-
ment.
(147)