38
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Art. 17. The citizens having convened in the most public place on
the day appointed, shall choose a secretary and two tellers, who can read
and write, from among those present.
Art. 18. The meeting being thus installed, the President shall ask
whether any one has any complaint to make with regard to bribery
or subornation to cause the election of any particular person, and
should there be such complaint, the case shall be verbally, and public-
ly investigated instanter. Should the charge be substantiated the of-
fender shall be deprived of a voice, active and passive; false accusers
shall suffer the same penalty, and from this decision there shall be no
appeal.
Art. 19. Should doubts arise whether any person possesses the quali-
fications required for voting, the junta shall decide instanter, and the
decision shall be obeyed without appeal for this time only; it being un-
derstood the doubt can have no relation to the provision of this or any
other law.
Art. 20. The President shall abstain from making any indication
that the election may result in favor of any particular person.
Art. 21. The junta shall proceed to make choice of primary electors,
choosing one for every hundred voters, or for every five hundred
souls.
Art. 22. Should the census give a moiety over and above the basis
aforesaid, another elector shall be chosen; but should the excess mot
amount to a moiety, it shall not be regarded.
Art. 23. Each voter shall approach the table and specify such number
of persons for electors as it belongs to that junta to choose.—The secre-
tary shall write the names of the said persons in his presence and no per-
son shall be allowed to vote for himself in this or the other elections,
under penalty of loosing his right for the time being.
Art. 24. Should the voter produce a list of persons for whom he in-
tends to vote, the secretary shall read to him the same, and ask him if it
be in conformity with what is expressed therein, and if not, it shall be
corrected.
Art. 25. The votes having been given in, the President, tellers, and
secretary shall examine the lists, and the President shall declare in an
audible voice the names of the persons elected, who shall be those who
have received the greatest number of votes; in case of a tie, it shall be
decided by lot.
Art. 26. The secretary shall commit the act to writing, and shall sign
the same together with the President and tellers; a copy, signed by the
same persons, shall be delivered to each person chosen, to serve as a proof
•of his election.
Art. 27. To be eligible as an elector, it is required to be a lawful
citizen, over twenty-five years of age, or twenty-one if married, domi-
ciliated and a resident in the municipality; not to hold any office of con-
troversy, civil, ecclesiastical or military, or the, office of curate.
(148)