Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
39
Abt. 28. Officers chosen by the people, as Alcaldes, are not included
in the foregoing article.
Abt. 29. No person can decline the office of elector from any cause,
or on any pretext whatever.
Art. 30. At the juntas no person shall appear armed, neither shall
there be any guard.
Art. 31. The election having closed, the junta shall be immediately
dissolved, and any other act, in which they interfere, shall be null.
SECOND.ARY OR DISTRICT JUNTAS.
Art. 32. Secondary or district juntas shall be composed of primary
electors, assembled in the chief towns of the district to choose electors
who are to elect the representatives in this capital. The Department of
Texas for this object shall be considered as one sole district, whose chief
town or capital shall be that of the Department, being the city of Bexar.
Art. 33. The secondary juntas shall be holden on Sunday, the 10th
of September next.
Art. 34. One secondary shall be elected for every twenty primary
electors that shall be chosen in all the towns of the district.
Art. 35. Should there be a moiety over and above twenty primary
electors, another secondary shall be chosen; but should the excess not
amount to a moiety it shall not be regarded.
Art. 36. Should any town of the district not have furnished twenty
primary electors, a secondary shall be chosen notwithstanding.
Art. 37. At the secondary juntas the President of the capital of the
district shall preside, to whom the primary electors shall present them-
selves with the document proving their election, that their names may
be set down in the book in which the acts of the juntas are to be written.
Art. 38. Three days previous to the elections the electors shall meet
the President at the place he may appoint, and they shall choose a secre-
tary and two-tellers from among themselves.
Art. 39. They shall then present their certificates of election to be
examined by the secretary and tellers, who, on the day following, shall
inform whether the same be according to law. Those of the secretary
and tellers shall be examined by three individuals of the junta, chosen
by the same majority of vote, who shall inform in like manner and at
the same time.
Art. 40. On the day aforesaid, the electors having assembled, the re-
ports upon the certificates shall be read, and should any question arise
with regard to the qualifications required, the junta shall resolve in-
stanter, and the decision shall be obeyed without appeal.
Art, 41. On the day and hour appointed for the election the elec-
tors shall again convene, and, taking their seats without distinction, the
secretary shall read the articles signed by the secondary juntas, and the
(149)