Laws and-Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
41
place appointed, with open doors, and they shall appoint, by majority of
vote, a secretary and two tellers from among themselves.
ART. 52. This decree, the credentials, also the authenticated record
of the acts and the elections holden in the chief towns of the districts,
shall be read; the secretary and tellers shall examine the same, and re-
port on the day following whether the whole be according to law—the
credentials of the latter shall be examined by three individuals of the
junta, chosen by majority of votes, who shall report in like manner and
on the same day.
Abt. 53. The electors having assembled on the day aforesaid, the re-
ports shall be read, and should any doubt appear upon the credentials
or certificates, or the qualifications of the electors, the junta shall decide
instanter, and the resolution shall be obeyed without appeal.
Abt. 54. On the day appointed for the election, the electors having
assembled and seated themselves without distinction, with open doors,
the President shall make the inquiry as specified in article 18, the en-
tire provision whereof shall be obeyed.
Abt. 55. The electors shall then choose the deputy by ballot.
Abt. 56. The votes having been given in, the President, secretary,
and tellers shall examine the same, and the person receiving the absolute
majority shall be declared elected; should no one receive such majority,
the two having the highest number shall be elected. Should there be a
tie it shall be decided by lot.
Abt. 57. After the election of deputy proprietor, the deputy supletory
shall be elected in the same manner.	,
Abt. 58. In conformity to articles 11, 12, and 13 of the Constitu-
tion of the Republic, it belongs to the State to elect one deputy propri-
etor and one supletory.
Abt. 59. The said Deputies shall possess the qualifications required
by articles 19, 20, and 21 of the Constitution aforesaid, and those ex-
cepted by article 23 therein, cannot be elected.
Abt. 60. The secretary shall commit the act of the elections to writing,
and, together with the President and the electors, sign the same; and the
President shall cause a list of the deputies elected, signed by himself
and the secretary, to be published, and shall transmit a copy to each of
the towns of the State.
Abt. 61. The election of the aforementioned deputies having closed,
the junta shall make the proper arrangements for complying with the
provisions of article 17 of the Constitution of the Republic.
Abt. 62. In the State junta the articles 20, 28, 29, 30 and 31, shall
be obeyed.
For its fulfilment, the Vice Governor of the State, ad interim, shall
cause it to be published and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 28th of July, 1826. ■
(151)