42
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
DECREE No. 25.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, in compliance with
the general law of August 24, and in exercise of the power granted
thereby to the same for replacing the companies of permanent Cav-
alry which ought to exist in the State, decrees:
Art. 1. The Governor of the State shall demand of the chief political
officers, and the latter of their immediate subordinates, the number re-
quired to complete the necessary force of the fortress companies of per-
manent cavalry, destined to the defence of the State, according to the
general law of March last.
Art. 2. The Executive, and each of the said chief officers in their
turn, shall make an allotment of the aforementioned number among the
respective districts in proportion to the population, manifesting to their
subordinates the obligation and responsibility they are under of shewing
that the allotments are filled within the time specified, and taking care
that in the same as little injury as possible shall be occasioned to agri-
culture, mining, and the arts.
Art. 3. In order to comply with the provision of article 7 of the afore-
mentioned law of the 24th of August, the number of recruits to be en-
rolled in order to fulfill the future basis of the said fortress companies,
shall be repeated in the terms therein specified.
Art. 4. The Ayuntamientos, with the assistance of armed force should
it be necessary, shall proceed to make levies, and to take from among
the same the individuals required to complete the number assigned.
Art. 5. The levies having been made, vagrants and disorderly persons
shall be taken in preference for military service: and should the number
designated not be completed with persons of this description, unmarried
men, who can be spared by their families with the least inconvenience,
shall be taken, and the latter shall draw lots to complete the number re-
quired.
Art. 6. In each .municipality there shall be a junta, composed of the
first Alcalde, two Regidores, and one Sindico, to investigate and deter-
mine the circumstances and qualifications of those comprised in the fore-
going articles, according to the ordinances and existing laws.
Art. 7. Should any individual claim to be aggrieved by the decision
of the junta aforesaid, he shall appeal to the Governor of the State, who
shall give the final decision; but, during the interval, the appellant shall
comply with a soldier’s duties.
Art. 8. Should the claim of the appellant prove to be just, he shall
be exempt from military service for that time only, should the impedi-
ment not be perpetual, his post being filled by another of the same place.
For the expense incurred in the support of the aggrieved party, also for
that he incurs in the appeal, the junta of investigation shall be respon-
sible.
Art. 9. The general military commandant may direct, agreeably to
the ordinance, that recruits be obtained by entrapment and decoy, and
(152)