Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
43
that those who present themselves voluntarily be admitted—raising flags
in such places as the Governor of the State shall designate. In this case
those commissioned by the aforementioned chief, for the purpose, shall
give notice to the respective Ayuntamientos of the number and names
of the persons raised in this manner, that they may be deducted from
the number designated.
Art. 10. Should hired servants appear in the lists presented to the
Ayuntamientos by the persons commissioned in compliance with the pro-
vision of the preceding article, they shall not be considered as having
presented themselves voluntarily to the military service, unless the
amount they owe be previously paid, or there be an agreement between
the servant and the master, or between the latter and the person com-
missioned.
Art. 11. From the second class, specified in article 5, those shall be
enrolled who are destined to the depot specified in article 7 of the general
law on the subject, also by lot as in the former instance; provided there
Toe not a sufficient number of the class specified in article 5 aforesaid, to
■fill the vacant posts.
Art. 12. Those who volunteer as substitutes, and those taken in levy
according to the second part of article 5 aforesaid, shall be admitted,
should it be satisfactory to the junta of investigation; but one or more
instances of the kind shall not exempt them from military service when,
on another occasion, it shall belong to them to offer themselves.
Art. 18. Those belonging to the civic militia shall, for that reason
.alone, be exempt from the said service.
Art. 14. The Governor shall previously agree with the Executive of
the Republic, that the latter may furnish him with the funds required
to satisfy the daily pay and expenses of the recruits.
Art. 15. That this law be more easily fulfiled, the Executive shall give
to the subordinate officers all the instructions he shall deem necessary.
For its fulfilment, the Vice Governor of the State, ad interim, shall
cause it to be printed, published and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 29th of April, 1826.
DECREE No, 26.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, has thought proper
to decree the following:
Until the manner and terms whereby the Counsellors at Law of the
State are to be admitted and qualified, the Executive shall permit those
who apply to him to exercise their profession, exacting of them their
lawful diploma, and authenticated certificate that they are not suspended
in the practice of their profession.
The Vice Governor of the State, ad interim, shall order the same to
be printed, published, and circulated, for its fulfilment.
Given in Saltillo on the 14th of October, 1826.
(153)