Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
45
publication thereof be effected with the pomp and solemnity corre-
sponding to an event so fortunate, and so much desired, has thought
proper to decree:
Abt. 1. On the 11th instant, in public session, to commence at 10
o’clock in the morning, the aforementioned Constitution shall be read
entire; all the Deputies present in the capital shall then sign two first
copies in manuscript, and a committee of three individuals, including the
secretary of Congress, shall receive one of the said first copies from the
hands of the President, and shall pass to present the same to the Gover-
nor of the State, that he may preserve the same in his archives.
Abt. 2. On the 12th, in public session, to commence at 10 o’clock
A. M., one of the secretaries holding the political Constitution of the
State in his hands; first, the President shall take oath to cause the same
to be obeyed; and afterwards the other Deputies, in the hands of the
President. The Governor and Council shall then present themselves in
the hall of sessions, and take the same oath, in the hands of the Presi-
dent; and this act having closed, they shall proceed, accompanied by the
deputies and officers, to the Parish Church, where a solemn Te Deum
shall be chaunted in act of gratitude to the Supreme Being.
Art. 3. The Secretary of State, the Ayuntamientos, Ecclesiastical offi-
cers, superiors of offices, for transacting public business, and the Prelate
of the religious fraternity of San Francisco, shall take oath before the
Governor to obey the Constitution. The officers in national employ, for
the present, and until the general Congress shall resolve whether they
should, shall take oath in the same manner, to obey the said Constitu-
tion, and cause their subordinates to obey the same.—Those belonging
to a religious communion, before their respective Prelate; and the sub-
ordinates, the other officers employed by other authorities, corporations,
and business offices, shall take the same oath before their superiors—all
on the day the Governor shall appoint.
Abt. 4. The Governor shall designate the day for the solemn publica-
tion of the Constitution in this capital, which being done, he shall com-
municate the same immediately to the Chief of Department of Texas,
and to the first Alcaldes of the other Ayuntamientos of the State, that
they may proceed to publish the same in the towns of their district. The
Governor shall regulate the ceremony for the publication thereof in this
capital, taking care that the same be conducted with due dignity; and
he shall also take the proper measures that the said Constitution be like-
wise solemnly published in all the other towns of the State.
Art. 5. In the Department of Texas, and in the other towns apart
from the capital, the Chief of Police, and first Alcaldes of each Ayunta-'
miento, shall take the said oath before the Ayuntamiento of this capital,
and afterwards the other members of the respective corporations be-
fore the said chief, or respective alcaldes; also curates, and State agents
or superior officers having charge of the administration of the rents
in their districts; and also those who are present in the said towns and
(155)