46
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
departments, and in employ of the general government, shall take the
same oath as prescribed in article 3.
Art. 6. In this capital, and in the other towns of the State, the people
and the rest of the clergy shall take the same oath in their respective
parishes, in the accustomed form, and on the day their Ayuntamientos
shall appoint.
Art. 7. The corresponding act of all these acts shall be committed to
writing, and two attested copies shall be taken out and transmitted, by
whom it belongs, to the Governor of the State, who shall deposit one in
the archives of his secretary’s office, and pass the other to Congress with
the same object.
Art. 8. The form of the oath, mentioned in the third and following
articles, shall be as follows:
You solemnly swear, before God, to obey the political Constitution of
the State of Coahuila and Texas, sanctioned by Congress on the 11th
of March, 1827, and cause the same to be obeyed. (They shall answer
yes, I do swear.) So help you God; should you not, may it be demanded
of you in judgment, and moreover you shall be answerable to the State.
(With respect to the people, and others not holding office, the words
“and cause the same to he obeyed” shall be omitted.)
Art. 9. Any individual or individuals, comprised in the articles of
this.decree, who shall, directly or indirectly, refuse to take the oath, shall
be rejected by the State, should they, on being once required by the
Executive or competent authority, persist in their purpose.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State, ad interim, shall cause it
to be printed, published and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 6th of March, 1827.
The Constitution of the State sanctioned on the eleventh of March
1837.
DECREE No. 30.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree the following:
For printing and publishing the Constitution, sanctioned and ordered
to be published and circulated, the Governor shall use the following
form:
The Governor, pro tem., of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all
the inhabitants thereof: Be it known, that the Congress of the said
State has decreed and sanctioned the following Constitution: (the Con-
stitution with the preliminary and signatures thereof to be here insert-
ed.) Wherefore, I command it to be printed, published, circulated, and
duly fulfilled.
( 156 )