48
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Second—To have attained the age of twenty-five years.
Third—To be domiciliated in the State, and to have resided therein
the two years immediately preceding their election. For natives of the
State the first two requisites shall be sufficient.
Aet. 5. Those not born within the territory of the Republic to be
eligible as Deputy proprietors, shall have been eight years domiciliated
therein, and shall possess real estate to the amount of eight thousand dol-
lars, or an industrious employment that shall yield them one thousand
dollars per annum, and the qualifications provided in the foregoing arti-
cle.
Aet. 6. Natives of any other part of the American continent, in 1810
subject to Spain, and not now annexed to any other nation, nor in sub-
jection to the former, shall be excepted from the foregoing article; and
for such, three years domicil in this Republic, and the requisites pre-
scribed in article 4, shall be sufficient.
Aet. 7. The following persons cannot be Deputies proprietors or
supletories:
First—The Governor and Vice Governor of the State, and members
of the Executive Council.
Second—Persons in employ of the general government.
Third—Civil functionaries whose offices are confered by the Executive
of the State.
Fourth—Ecclesiastics exercising any jurisdiction or authority in the
district where the election is holden.
Fifth—Foreigners in time of war between their own country and this
Republic.
Aet. 8. The public officers of the general government, and of the
State, to be eligible as Deputies, shall be required to have been out of
office four months previous to the election.
Aet. 9. The Deputies of the present Congress cannot be elected.
SECTION SECOND.
GOVERNOR, VICE GOVERNOR, AND COUNOILLORS.
Abt. 10. The Governor of the State shall possess the following quali-
fications at the time of his election:
First—He shall be a citizen in the enjoyment of his rights.
Second—A native of this Republic.
Third—Shall have attained to thirty years of age.
Fourth—Shall be domiciliated in this State, having resided five years
therein, two of which shall be immediately preceding his election.
Aet. 11. Ecclesiastics, military, and other officers of the general gov-
ernment, in actual service, cannot obtain the office of Governor.
Aet. 12. There shall be likewise a Vice Governor of the State, whose
qualifications shall be the same as those required for Governor.
(158)