Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
49
Art. 13. For the better discharge of his official duties, the Governor
.■shall have a body for consultation, to consist of three voters proprietors
.and two supletories, of all whom one only can be an Ecclesiastic.
Art. 14. The qualifications required for a Councillor shall be the
same as those required for a Deputy. Those not eligible to the office of
Deputy shall not be eligible to that of Councillor.
Art. 15. Those elected to these offices shall take possession of the
.same on the first of August, and cannot decline the service thereof, ex-
cept the Deputies of Congress at the time of the election, and those who,
in the opinion of the said Congress, are morally or physically disabled.
SECTION THIRD.
ELECTION OF DEPUTIES.
Art. 16. For the election of Deputies municipal electoral and district
•electoral assemblies shall be holden.
Municipal Electoral Assemblies.
Art. 17. The municipal electoral assemblies shall be composed of
•citizens enjoying their rights, domiciliated and resident within the limits
of the respective Ayuntamiento. No person of this class can decline
.attending the same.
Art. 18. Said assemblies shall be holden on Sunday the 22d of April,
and day following, to choose district electors, who are to elect the Dep-
uties. For this purpose, eight days previous, or less, should the pressure
of time require, the President of each Ayuntamiento shall convoke the
citizens of his district by the proper edict, or as the custom may be, giv-
ing notice to the haciendas and ranchos of the same district, that the
same may come to the knowledge of the citizens thereof.
Art. 19. That the citizens may more conveniently attend, each Ayun-
tamiento, according to the locality of its territory, shall determine the
number of municipal meetings to be formed in its limits: also the public
places where they shall be holden, designating to each the places corre-
sponding thereto.
Art. 20. They shall be presided, one by the Chief of Police, or the Al-
calde, and the rest by the other individuals of the Ayuntamiento, as it
.shall fall to them by lot'; and in default of the latter, the said Corporation
shall appoint for President of the said municipal assembly, a citizen
belonging within the precincts assigned thereto, who can read and write.
Art. 21. On the aforesaid Sunday in April, the hour of the meeting
having arrived, and the citizens assembled in the place appointed, being
together, the said assembly shall commence by choosing from among
Themselves, by majority of vote, one secretary and two tellers, who can
.also read and write;
(159)