50
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Art. 22. The elections shall continue open on both days specified in
article 18, four hours each, divided in morning and evening. In each
meeting a register shall be kept to record therein the votes of the,citizens
convened to choose the district electors, entering alphabetically the names
of the voters and candidates.
Art. 23. To be eligible as an elector it shall be required to be a citi-
zen in the enjoyment of his rights,—to have attained the age of twenty-
five years,—to be able to read and write,—and to be domiciliated, and a
resident in the same district one year immediately preceding the election.
Art. 24. Each citizen shall vote for the respective district electors,
viva voce, or in writing; in the former case the voter shall call the name
of those for whom he votes in an audible voice, and should he give in his
vote in writing, the secretary shall read the list thereof in the same man-
ner, and shall enter the same in presence of the voter. No person
shall vote for himself, in this or the other electoral acts, under penalty of
losing his right of voting.
Art. 25. In the district in which one Deputy only is to be elected,
there shall be chosen eleven electors, and where two or more Deputies are-
to be elected, there shall be chosen twenty-one electors.
Art. 26. Doubts or controversies that occur whether any person or
persons, possess the qualification required for voting, shall be determined
verbally by the assembly, and the decision shall be executed without ap-
peal for that time and that purpose only: it being understood that the
doubt shall not turn upon the provision of this or other laws.—Should
there be a tie in determining the question, absolutory sentence shall be
given.
Art. 27. Should complaints arise of bribery, subornation, or force, to-
cause the election to result in favor of particular persons, the case shall
be publicly and. verbally canvassed and brought to a decision.—Should,
the accusation be founded in fact, the offenders shall be deprived of a
voice, active and passive. False accusers shall suffer the same penalty.
From this decision there shall be no appeal. Doubts that occur with re-
gard to the nature of the testimony, shall be determined in the manner-
stated in the preceding article.
Art. 28. Municipal assemblies shall be conducted with open doors,,
without any guard; and no person, to whatever class he may belong,,
shall appear armed therein.
Art. 29. The election of both days having terminated, the President,,
tellers, and secretary of each assembly, shall proceed to estimate and cast
up the votes received by the several candidates in the register, and sign
the same; which having been done, the assembly shall be dissolved, and
any other act in which they interfere, shall not only be null, but shall be
considered an offence against the public safety. The said register shall
be delivered, enclosed and locked, to the secretary of the respective Ayun-
tamiento.
(160 )