52
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
PARAGRAPH SECOND.
District Electoral Assemblies.
Abt. 37. The district electoral assemblies shall be composed,of the
electors chosen by the citizens in the municipal assemblies, who shall
meet in the capital of the respective district, to choose the Deputy or
Deputies, corresponding thereto, to meet in Congress as representatives
of the State.
Art. 38. Said assemblies shall be holden fifteen days from and after
the general computation of votes as specified in article 32,—the electors
convening in the town halls or in the building considered most appro-
priate for so solemn an act, with open doors, and without any guard.
No person, to whatever class he may belong, shall present himself armed
in said assemblies.
Art. 39. They shall be presided by the Chief of Police, and in his
default, by the first Alcalde of the capital of the district; commencing
their sessions by choosing, by majority of vote, from their own body one
secretary and two tellers; the President shall then cause the credentials
of the electors to be read, which shall be the official letters wherein they
were notified of their appointment.
Art. 40. The President shall then ask if there be any legal nullity on
the part of any elector for his being such, and it be proved at the instant
that there is, the electors shall loose the right of voting.—The Presi-
dent shall then also ask if there has been bribery, subornation, or force
for the election to result in favor of a particular person,—and should
it be immediately proved that there has, the delinquents shall be de-
prived of a voice active and passive, and false accusers shall suffer the
same penalty. Doubts that occur, in either case, shall be determined by .
the assembly in the manner specified in article 26.
Art. 41. Immediately afterwards, the electors present shall proceed
to make choice of the Deputies corresponding to the district, and the
same shall be elected one by one by ballot. Each elector shall drop his
vote in an urn placed upon a table at the foot of a Crucifix, after having
made oath before the Crucifix, the President holding the same in his
hands, that in voting for Deputies to Congress, he will give his vote to
citizens possessing, in his opinion, the qualifications of integrity, sound
information, and a well known steady attachment to the national inde-
pendence.
Art. 42. The votes having been given in, the President, tellers, and
secretary shall count the same, and the citizen who has received more
than one half the number of votes shall be constitutionally elected
Deputy. The President shall declare each election. Should no one
have received the absolute majority, the two who have obtained the
greatest number shall be run in a second balloting. Should those re-
ceiving a like respective majority be more than two persons, they shall
all be run in the second balloting, and the same shall be done when no
(162)