Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
58
one receives this majority, but all an equal number of votes. In all
these cases, the candidate who receives the majority of' votes shall be
elected, and should there be a tie, the balloting shall be repeated once
only; and should there again be a tie, it shall be determined by lot.
Art. 43. Should one individual only receive the respective majority,
and two or more persons an equal number of votes, but greater than that
of all the others, to decide which of the latter shall run in a second
balloting with the former, there shall be a seperate balloting between
them, and the one who receives a majority shall enter in competition
with the person who received the respective majority. In the event of
a tie, the balloting should be repeated; and should there again be a tie, it
shall be decided by lot. In the second balloting between the person who
received the respective majority over the whole and his rival, the pro-
vision contained in the last part of the preceding article shall be observed.
Art. 44. When one person only receives the respective majority, and
all the others an equal number of votes, to determine which of the latter
shall run in a second balloting with the former, the same shall be clone
with respect to those, between whom there is a tie, as provided for this
object in the foregoing article; and also to determine which of the rival
candidates shall be elected Deputy, the provision of the last part of the
same article shall be observed.
Art. 45. The election of Deputies proprietors having closed, that of
the supletories shall immediately follow in the same manner and form;
and the latter having also terminated, a list containing the names of all
the Deputies elected, signed by the secretary of the respective assembly,
shall be immediately posted in the most public place. The President
and all the electors shall sign the electoral act, and the former, the tellers,
and the secretary shall transmit copies, authenticated by themselves, to
the Permanent Deputation of Congress, to the Governor of the State,
and to all the Ayuntamientos of the district. Said assemblies, having
performed the acts prescribed in this law, shall immediately dissolve;
any other act in which they interfere shall be null, and moreover reputed
as an attempt against the public safety.
Art. 46. The President shall also seasonably despatch the correspond-
ing official letter to the Deputies proprietors and supletories, accompa-
nied by an attested copy of the act, to serve them as a credential of their
election.
Art. 47. No citizen shall be allowed to excuse himself, in any way or
under any pretext, from discharging the duties spoken of in the present
section.
SECTION FOURTH.
Election of Governor, Vice Governor, and Councillors.
Art. 48. On the day following the election of Deputies to Con-
gress, the district electoral assemblies, all and each one of the same,
(163)