58
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State, pro tern., shall cause it
to be printed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 14th of April, 1827.
DECEEE No, 34.
Salary and Viaticum of the Deputies of the Constitutional Congress.
The constituent Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, has thought
proper to decree:
Art. 1. The Deputies to the Congress of the State shall (each) receive
out of the treasury of the latter, a monthly salary of one hundred dollars
during the time of session.
Art. 2, For the journey to and from the capitol, computing from the
place of their residence, they shall receive at the rate of ten rials for
every league.
Art. 3. Their salary shall date from the time their credentials shall
be approved by Congress.
Art. 4. The Deputies supletories shall receive the same pay as the
Deputies proprietors.
For the fulfilment thereof, the Governor of the State, pro tempore,
shall cause the same to be printed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 19th of May, 1827.
DECREE No. 35.
Articles 46 and 47 of Decree No. 32, reformed.
The constituent Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, in order
that the internal regulations to be used by the constitutional Congress
may be rendered in conformity to the Constitution of said State, has
thought proper to reform the articles 46 and 47 in the following man-
ner:
Art. 46. The sessions shall open at ten o’clock A. M. and five Depu-
ties present shall constitute a quorum for the object aforesaid, for read-
ing the act, and for the first and second reading of propositions and re-
ports; and six shall be sufficient for communicating the correspondence
and substantiating expedients that newly offer, and generally to discuss
any project or scheme: but to declare that a vote can be taken, and other
resolutions adopted, not here expressed, the concurrence of the absolute
majority shall be expressly required.
Art. 47. For deliberating upon subjects, in the judgment of Congress
of very great and serious importance, and upon all projects of law or
decree, two-thirds of the members shall be required.
(168)