60
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Abt. 4. The Governor shall then deliver a message, discoursing on the
state of affairs, to which the President of the Congress shall make a sum-
mary reply, and conclude by declaring the sessions closed.
The Governor of the State, pro tempore, shall cause the same to be
printed, published, and circulated, for the fulfilment thereof.
Given in Saltillo on the 20th of June, 1827.
DECREE No. 39.
Law fob the REGULATION of Justice.
DECREE No. 40.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, desirous that the'
mining districts of the State may have every support consistent with
the present form of government, and that the inhabitants of the said
districts be provided therein with all suitable assistance for promoting'
the increase and prosperity of mining, has thought proper to decree:
Abt. 1. In the mining district of the Valley of Santa Rosa there shall
be a mining Deputation, to consist of the Alcalde, or person officiating'
in his stead, and two of the inhabitants, to be chosen by the Ayunta-
miento of said Valley by absolute majority of vote; the said election shall
take place, in the present instance, immediately after the publication of
this decree, and in future on the first day after the Ayuntamiento takes
possession of office. Ties in the said elections shall be determined by lot.
Abt. 2. At the time designated in the preceding article, and in the
same manner, two Deputies supletories shall likewise be chosen to fill
the place of the proprietors in case of moral or physical disability. Both
shall be annually renewed in one half their number, by cessation from
office at the close of the first year on the part of those last chosen. No
member of the Ayuntamiento, or person serving any municipal office
shall be elected, until two years after retiring from office.
Abt. 3.. The members of the mining deputation shall possess the
qualifications prescribed in article 160 of the Constitution. Their style
of address as a body shall be that of Senoria, officially only; and on pub-
lic ceremonies they shall seat themselves in union with the Ayunta-
miento, wearing a yellow sash for purpose of distinction.
Art. 4. The persons chosen shall enter on the duties of office on the
first holliday following their election, and shall take the oath specified
in article 120 of the Constitution, before the Alcalde or person acting in
his place.
Abt. 5. The Ayuntamiento shall transmit a copy of the electoral act
to the Governor, for the corresponding approval, in case no nullity or
substantial defect be contained therein.
(170;