62
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Art. 16. The Executive shall direct that part of the archives relative
to the mines of the State, to be collected and handed over to the Depu-
tation.
Art. 17. The members of the Deputation shall be responsible for
abuse committed in the exercise of their functions, and shall be under
immediate subjection to the Governor.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State, pro tern., shall cause
it to be printed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 22d of June, 1827.
DECREE No. 41.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, desirous of co-in-
tiding with the measures now becoming general, relative to prohibit-
ing European Spaniards from holding office in the Republic of Mexico,
so long as Spain shall not acknowledge the Independence of the for-
mer, and conforming to the verdict of public opinion clearly declared
on that subject, has thought proper to decree:
Art. 1. No native of the Spanish dominions shall exercise any office
or trust, such as it belongs to the high civil officers of the State to fill,
so long as Spain shall not acknowledge the Independence of this Re-
public.
Art. 2. The provision of the preceding- article shall embrace the
ecclesiastical offices and trusts of the secular and regular clergy, so far
as regards the exercise of their attributes.
Art. 3. Sons of Mexicans who may have been born in Spain, and are
now living in the State, shall not be included in the preceding articles.
Art. 4. The Executive shall cause Parish Priests and Missionaries to
withdraw from their respective stations during the time established in
article 1st.
Art. 5. Officers separated by virtue of this law shall receive half pay,
should they hold their offices in their own right, and should they not,
they shall be fully replaced by others.
Art. 6. Offices left vacant in consequence of the provision contained
in this law, shall be filled provisionally and according to the laws.
Art. 7. For curates whom the Executive shall remove in conformity
to the provision of article 4, a coadjutor shall be appointed, who shall
receive the customary compensation, and the person suspended his cor-
responding emolument.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State, pro tern., shall cause it
to be printed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 23d of June, 1827.
(172)