Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
67
contestation shall be set down in an extract of the evidence that appears
pro. and con.—the whole expressed in the plainest manner.
Art. 5. After the pleadings of the parties are heard, the plaintiff
and defendant shall retire, and the judges shall determine the crime, if
there be any, and, setting down whatever it shall be, the judge shall
pronounce sentence agreeably to this law, which sentence immediately
shall be made known to the plaintiff and defendant, and applied to the
latter, such as it shall result to the same; in the whole the provision of
article 3 of the organic law of justice shall be observed.
Art. 6. Theft committed in passing near or within any dwelling
shall be punished with double the corporal penalty specified in articles
1st and 2d.
Art. 7. For theft committed in the country of from one to nine
head of small stock, as sheep and goats; and of from 1 to three of large
stock of any kind, the punishment shall be labor on the public works
for a term not less than six months nor more than two years, for which
the formalities prescribed in articles 3, 4, and 5 shall be observed.
Art. 8. When theft of any kind shall be accompanied by force or
violence of any kind, as well as by blows, mutilation of members, or
death, the corresponding judicial process shall be instituted against the
delinquent or delinquents, which shall be closed in conformity to the
laws.
Art. 9. When the theft exceeds one hundred dollars, the provision
of the foregoing article shall be observed.
Art. 10. Offenders who shall be sentenced to public works shall be
destined in preference to the repair of prisons, and construction of new
ones where there are none, and the amount necessary for their support
shall be taken from the public funds.
Art. 11. The penalties imposed by. this law upon thieves or rob-
bers shall be understood as not preventing in any way that, after said
penalties are- concluded, they indemnify the lawful owner for the theft,
or before, should they have the means, or should any stolen articles ex-
ist; the fine specified in article I shall be paid in preference.
Art. 12. Any judge who in consequence of subornation, bribery, neg-
ligence, or partiality, shall not fully comply -with this law, besides being
compelled to pay a fine not less than two hundred nor more than five
hundred dollars, shall be amenable to the law of the 24th of March
1813, except the pecuniary penalties imposed therein.
Art. 13. The Alcaldes or judges shall transmit every month to the
first Hall of the Tribunal of Justice of the- State, a copy of sentences
they have pronounced, and causes that have determined them, and are
in conformity to this law, in order that, should they be found on inves-
tigation to have proceeded contrary to justice, the responsibility may be
exacted of the said Alcaldes or judges, in accordance with the law of
the 24th of March, 1813.
Art. 14. Receivers of stolen goods, agents or protectors of theives,
shall suffer the same penalty as the latter, after the corresponding proof
thereof.
12 —VOL. 1.
(177)