70
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
DEGREE No. 9.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree as follows:
Art. 1. The Executive shall give power to the chief agents in the
Tobacco department, in default of a seal to legalize the account books of
merchants, of proprietors of land estates, and other dealers, with their
own signatures, agreeably to the provision of article 16 of the stamp pa-
per regulations. Said agents, under their own responsibility, may dele-
gate this power to their subordinates residing in different municipalities.
Art. 2. The agents and their subordinates, as the case may be, in
a book made of common paper, paged and destined to that purpose, shall
keep an account of the books they stamp or legalize, number of leaves
of which they consist, stating the names of the owners, and place of resi-
dence. The lot or parcel shall be signed by the agent or officer, the
owner of the book, and the respective Alcalde.
Art. 3. At the end of the year, an advertisement shall be posted in
each town, specifying the books legalized, the amount paid for each,
and the names of the owners.
Art. 4. The term of one month shall be allowed to merchants and
dealers for applying to have their books stamped, both new ones and
those already commenced. After the term aforesaid, the transgressors,
besides the illegality mentioned in article 10, chap. 30, of the stamp
paper law, shall be subject to a fine of twenty-five dollars for every book
they fail to present, independent of paying the tax of the paper. The
fines shall be applied to the funds for public instruction.
Art. 5. Any individual of the town shall have power to interfere,
demanding a compliance with the provision of this law.
For its fulfilment, the Vice Governor of the State shall cause it to
be printed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 11th of September, 1827.
RAMON GARCIA ROJAS, President,
JOSE TIJERINA, Sec’y Supletorv. •
MIGUEL ARCENIAGA, D. S.
Executive Department of the State )
of Coahuila and Texas. J
Secretary’s Office of the Congress of Coahuila and Texas.
Instructions to which the commissioner for the distribtion of lands
to the new colonists who present themselves to settle in the State, ac-
cording to the colonization law of March 24th, 1825, shall conform:
Art. 1. The commissioner shall be obligated pursuant to the con-
tract made by the empresario with the government, also to the coloniza-
tion law of the 24th of March, to examine in the most scrupulous man-
ner the certificates, which colonists from foreign countries are required
(180)