Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
71
to bring from the authorities of the place from which they come, thereby
proving themselves to be of the Christian religion, and to possess a good
moral character, without which requisites they shall not be admitted in
the colony.
Abt. 2. In order to guard against false certificates, the commissioner
shall admit none until after the empresario, to whom they shall pre-
viously be transmitted for the purpose, shall give information in writing
relative to the legitimacy of the same.
Abt. 3. He shall administer to each of the new colonists from for-
eign countries, the oath in form to obey the Constitution of this Repub-
lie, that of the State, and the general and special laws of his adopted
country.
Abt. 4. He shall issue the land titles in the name of the State, in
conformity to the law, giving the new settlers possession of the same in
legal form, and previously citing the adjoining proprietors, should there
be any.
Abt. 5. He shall not give possession to any colonist, settled, or in-
tending to settle, within twenty frontier or border leagues of the United
States of the North, and ten of the Gulf of Mexico, unless the person in-
terested shall present him a special order from the government, wherein
the approbation thereof of the national government shall be manifested.
Abt. 6. He shall adopt the necessary measures that no vacant lands
be left between possessions, and in order that the limits of each one
may be known at first sight, he shall oblige the colonists to set land
marks upon their lands within one year, with fixed and permanent boun-
daries.
Abt. 7. He shall appoint, under his own responsibility, the surveyor,
who shall run off the lands scientifically, previously requiring him to
take the oath in form well and faithfully to execute the duties of his
office.
Abt. 8. He shall form a book in calf of paper bearing the impression
of the third seal, wherein he shall write the titles of the lands which
he distributes to the colonists, specifying their names, the boundaries,
and other requisites and legal circumstances; and he shall take from the
said book attested copies of each possession upon paper of the second
seal, which he shall deliver to the person interested to serve him for a
title.
Abt. 9. Each settler shall pay the value of the stamp paper used in
issuing his titles, both in the original and in the attested copy.
Abt. 10. Said book shall be preserved in the archives of the new
colony, and an abstract shall be taken therefrom to be transmitted to gov-
ernment, containing the number and names of all the colonists, the quan-
tity of land given to each, expressing those ’which are for cultivation,
irrigable or not irrigable, and those which are given them for grazing
lands.
Abt. 11. He shall select the site most appropriate for founding the
town or towns, which are to be established, according to the number of
families of which the colony consists, bearing in mind the provision of
the colonization law upon this subject.
(181)