Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
73
town, establishing moderate rates of toll, out of which the ferryman
shall be paid, the boats repaired, and the remainder added to the public
funds.
Art. 23. In places where there is no town, he shall charge the colonist
settling in any of the same with the establishment of ferries,—taking a
moderate toll until these taxes are rented out for the use of the State,
Colonists who resolve to establish ferries on the terms herein indicated,
shall keep an exact and certified account of the expense they incur in
building boats, and another, also attested, of the product of the toll, to
entitle them, when these taxes are rented by the State, to receive an in-
demnification for the deficiency of the toll, at present allowed them, for
covering the expense.
Art. 23. He shall preside at the popular elections mentioned in article
40 of the colonization law, for choosing the Ayuntamientos and putting
the persons chosen in possession of office.
Art. 24. He shall take special care that the portions of land granted
the colonists by articles 14,15, and 16, be measured by the surveyors with
the greatest accuracy, without permitting any one to take more land than
what is pointed out by law, and in the contrary event he shall be person-
ally responsible.
Art. 25. Should any colonist, agreeably to article 17, solicit to have
the quantity of land pointed out in the aforesaid articles, increased in his
favor, on account of his family, industry, and enterprise, he shall mani-
fest the same, setting forth the reasons in which he founds his petition, in
writing, to the commissioner, who shall forward the same to the Execu-
tive, accompanied by his respective report, under the most rigid responsi-
bility of providing what is proper.
Art. 26. All public instruments, titles, or documents whatever, drawn
by the commissioner, shall be written in the Spanish language: the same
shall be used in memorials, decrees, and reports presented by the col-
onists or empresarios on any subject whatever, whether to be transmitted
to the government, or deposited in the archives of the colony.
Art. 27. All public instruments of possession, and attested copies
signed by the commissioner, shall be attested by two assisting witnesses.
Art. 28. The commissioner shall be personally responsible for all acts
and provisions by him effected or performed in violation of the coloniza-
tion law and these instructions.
Saltillo, September 4th, 1827.
JOSE A. TIJERINA, Sec’y by substitution.
MIGUEL ARCINEAGA, Dep. Sec’y. .
Additional Article.—The commissioner shall not grant any land, of
himself, nor give possession upon those traced out for empresas, so long
as these are not concluded, without the knowledge and consent of the
empresario himself, even should the said grant be authorized by the Ex-
ecutive
(183)