74
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Note.—On the 15th of May, 1828, Congress issued the decree No.
62, regulating the pay to be made to commissioners for their services,
and on the 10th of April of the current year, the said Congress issued the
decree No. 128, which in part reforms and explains these instructions,
both which laws shall be borne in mind by every commissioner for the
disiribution of lands.
Leona Vicario, 25th of April, 1830.
JOSE MARIA VIESCA.
Santiago de Valle, Secretary.
DECREE No. 10.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas decrees as follows:
Abt. 1. The Ayuntamientos of the towns shall make out and forward
annually to the respective chief of department or district, a minute ac-
count of the state in which the different objects committed to their
charge by the law No. 37 of the 13th of June last, exist; giving notice of
the improvement or backwardness they have undergone during their ad-
ministration, and stating the measures it is proper to dictate to remove
the obstacles that impede their progress.
Abt. 2. Said corporations shall post a regular account annually, in
the most public places within their respective jurisdiction, stating clearly
and minutely therein, the sums that have come into their possession,
and the distribution they have made of the same, independent of the cer-
tified accounts, as provided by article 133 of the aforementioned law No.
37, which they shall forward every year.
Abt. 3. At the close of their administration, and before their renewal,
the Ayuntamientos under their responsibility shall fulfill the provision
of this decree.
Por its fulfilment, the Vice Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 5th of September, 1827.
RAMON GARCIA ROJAS, President,
JOSE A. TIJERINA, D. S. Supletory,
MIGUEL ARCINEAGA, D. S.
DECREE No. 11.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas decrees as follows:
ART. 1. The Governor, in the reports it shall he his duty to read every
year on the opening of the ordinary sessions, shall give information rela-
tive to the public rents of the State, manifesting the values, entries, ex-
penditures, and nett proceeds of each.
(184)