Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
75
ART. 2. The said information shall comprise the term of a financial
year, which shall also serve to regulate the presumed or presupposed
general expenditures of the State, which shall be presented in the same
report.
Art. 3. The financial year shall commence the first of September and
terminate the last of August following, wherein a general settlement or
adjustment of accounts shall be effected in all offices which receive funds
or stock of the public revenue.
Art. 4. The head agents of the rents, and other responsible officers
shall forward their corresponding accounts within the peremptory term
.of two months from the termination of the financial year, that they may
be received by the Executive by the 31st of October, to enable him to
fulfill the purposes contained in article 1st.
Art. 5. At the conclusion of the aforesaid reports, and without being
thereby prevented from doing the same on another occasion, he shall
propose all the laws that, in his opinion, ought to be enacted to correct
the evils that he may have observed in the departments of the public
administration, or to promote such improvement as he shall deem proper
in each of the same.
Art. 6. These propositions shall be presented composed or written in
projects of law, in the manner the Executive thinks they should be en-
acted.
Art. 7. He shall present with due -distinction those relating to the
public rents, the reforms of which they are susceptible, the financial ad-
ministration of their expenditures, establishment, extinction, or reduc-
tion of imposts, in order to bring the product of all the rents on a level
with the general expenditures of the State.
For its fulfilment, the Vice Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed. published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo the 6th of September, 1827.
RAMON GARCIA ROJAS, President,
JOSE A. TIJERINA, Sec’y Supletory.
MIGUEL ARCINEAGA, D. S.
DECREE No. 12.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas decrees as follows:
Art. 1. The Executive of the State, for issuing letters of citizenship
to individuals in whose behalf Congress shall declare this favor, shall
use the following form:
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas to all unto whom
these presents may come, he it known: That J. N an inhabitant of
----------, having applied for the letter of citizenship on account of such
a decree, or for such reasons, and having shown that he possesses the
merit and qualifications to entitle him to this favor, I have thought
(185)