76
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
proper to propose him to the honorable Congress, which by decree
(number and date) has been pleased to grant to the aforementioned N.
letter of citizenship, that he be considered and respected as such through-
out the State, and enjoy therein the rights and privileges that belong to
him agreeably to the Constitution and laws of the State, submitting to
the burthens and duties imposed by the same upon all citizens of Coa-
huila and Texas. Wherefore,. I command all the tribunals, justices,
chiefs, and other authorities of the State, civil, military, and ecclesias-
tical, to regard and respect the aforementioned N. as a citizen of Coa-
huila and Texas, protecting and causing to be protected the rights and
privileges that belong to him as such, agreeably to the Constitution of
the State and laws that do now, or may hereafter exist, and that this
letter be directed to the person interested for such use as shall best suit
his purpose. Given in
date. Signature of the Governor and Sec-
retary.
Art. 2. Said letters shall be written on paper stamped with the first
seal.
For its fulfilment, the Vice Governor of the State, shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 11th of September, 1827.
RAMON GARCIA ROJAS, President,
JOSE A. TIJERINA, D. S. Supletory,
MIGUEL ARCINEAGA, D. S.
DECREE No. 13.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas decrees as follows:
Art. 1. John Cameron is hereby declared a citizen of the State.
Art. 2. The Executive shall order the corresponding letter to be issued
to the said Cameron, also to Santiago Hewetson, who was constituted a
citizen on the 11th of August last.
For its fulfilment, the Vice Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 12th of September, 1827.
RAMON GARCIA ROJAS, President.
JUAN A. GONZALES, D. S.
MIGUEL ARCINEAGA, D. S.
DECREE No. 14.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas decrees as follows:
Abt. 1. Maize, beans, and red pepper, being articles indispensably re-
quired, shall be exempted from paying excise duties.
(186)