78
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
DECBEE No. 17.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, decrees as follows:—
Abt. 1. All persons under criminal prosecution, now in prison, shall
be set at liberty, except for treason, arson, assault and robbery of any
kind, adultery, murder, and a repitition of offence in any kind of
crime.
ART. 2. Likewise those under prosecution for manslaughter committed
in self-defence, by accident, and persons not of a treacherous character,
shall be set at liberty.
Abt. 3. Convicts sentenced to a fortress for one year, or to public
works for two, for crimes not excepted by this law, shall also be liber-
ated.
Abt. 4. This pardon shall be granted, notwithstanding the atonement
which crimes should pay to public justice, as an example, but without in-
jury to a third person, and in exclusion of those who shall have trans-
gressed between this time and the pubheation of this decree.
Abt. 5. Fugitives and absent persons, to avail themselves of this par-
don, shall present themselves within 30 days from the publication of this
decree to their respective municipalities. This decree shall be read in
presence of the prisoners and convicts.
Abt. 6. Criminals, deserving capital punishment for any crime what-
ever, and having fled from justice, who shall present themselves in 90
days from the publication of this decree, shall be exonerated from the said
punishment, and subject to the greatest unusual penalty.
Abt. 7. Those not deserving capital punishment, who shall present
themselves in the same time, shall incur one half the penalty they ought
to suffer according to law.
Abt. 8. This law shall be published in this town on the morrow, and
in the other towns of the State as early as possible.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be printed,
published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo the 15th of September, 1827.
RAMON GABCIA EOJAS, President,
JUAN A. GONZALES, D. S.
MIGUEL AECINEAGA, D. S.
DECEEE No. 18.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas decrees as follows:
Abt. 1. At the expiration of six months from the publication of the
Constitution in the capital of each district, a list of the slaves in the re-
spective municipalities, their age, names, and sex, being distinctly ex-
pressed, shall be made in all the towns of the State.
Abt. 2. Each Ayuntamiento shall keep a register, wherein they
shall keep an account of children (Coahuiltexians) born of slave par-
(188)