82
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Art. 3. Besides the powers allowed them by article 156 of the regula-
tions for the financial administration of the towns, the commissaries
shall possess the attributes prescribed to the constitutional Alcaldes by
aricles from 1 to 9 inclusive of section first of the law regulating the ad-
ministration of justice, No. 39.
Art. 3. They shall also officiate as peace officers in entire conformity
to the aforesaid law, No. 39, furnishing the parties with the copies they
shall request; but, the latter to establish a trial by writing, shall effect it
before the respective Alcaldes.
Art. 4. Superintendents, stewards, and subordinates receiving a sal-
ary, belonging to haciendas and ranchos, shall not be commissaries of
the same.
Art. 5. Tenants and residents, or persons seeking a support by fol-
lowing some pursuit therein, may be elected commissaries and syndics;
and in case there are no such persons, the individuals mentioned in
the preceding article may be elected, with the exception of superin-
tendants.
Art. 6. In haciendas belonging to several owners, the same may be
elected commissaries and syndics, provided they possess the constitu-
tional qualifications.
Art. 7. Doubts that arise at the electoral meetings with respect to
these elections, shall be decided by the said meetings.
Por its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 13th of October, 1837.
JOSE M. de CARDENAS, President,
MIGUEL ARCINEAGA, D. S.
JOSE 1. SANCHES, D. S.
DECREE No. 24.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to decide the doubts
proposed for consultation by the president of the tribunal of justice
through the channel of the Executive, has thought proper to decree:
Art. 1. The first and second halls, without distinction, shall take
cognizance in all cases prescribed to the former by article 62 of the law
regulating the administration of justice.
Art. 3. In civil and criminal cases, cognizance shall be taken in
appeals by the hall which the appellant shall designate when the appeal
is made.
Art. 3. Criminal causes that do not come directed to a particular hall,
shall be equally distributed to both by the minister of the third.
Art. 4. The respective hall that did not decide in the first stage, shall
take cognizance in the new trial.
(192)