Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
83
Art. 5. Articles 57 and 62 of the law regulating the administration
of justice, No. 39, so far as they are opposed to this decree, shall be
repealed.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 13th of October, 1827.
DECEEE No. 25.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, in attention to the
subject proposed in consultation by the minister of the tribunal of
justice, through the medium of the Governor, on the 11th of Septem-
ber last, relative to the explanation of article 56 of law No. 39, regu-
lating the administration of justice, has thought proper to decree as
follows:—
Art. 1: When two or more criminals are joined in any cause each one
shall nominate two judges as colleagues.
Art. 2. The criminals shall choose by absolute majority of vote from
the whole number of colleagues nominated. Should none receive such
majority, those shall run who receive the greatest number. Should there
be a tie, the balloting shall be repeated once only—and should there
again be a tie, it shall be determined by lot.
Art. 3. The following persons shall not be colleagues,—the Deputies
of Congress of the State, the Governor, Vice Governor, Councillors, Sec-
retary of State, military men, ecclesiastics, or any other privileged per-
son; neither shall any individual be a colleague who has betrayed the
public trust, even should he be re-qualified.
Art. 4. Should a complaint or accusation arise against any Alcalde,
or inferior judge, the tribunal united shall declare whether there be a
just ground of action.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo the 22d of October, 1827.
JOSE M. de CARDENAS, President,
JUAN A. GONZALES, D. S. Supletory,
JOSE I. SANCHES, D. S.
DECREE No. 26.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas decrees as follows:—
Abt. 1. Leon E. Almy shall be permitted to introduce and establish
in the State a boring machine to cause water to flow spontaneously upon
the surface.
13—VOL. 1.
(193 )