84
Laius and Decrees of Coahuila, and Texas.
Art. 2. For the term of six years, from this date, no other person
shall establish machines of this description, without the previous consent
of the said Almy, that he may indemnify himself for his expenses, and
receive the compensation he deserves for his trouble.
Art. 3. Should he not have introduced and established the said ma-
chine at the expiration of one year, he shall forfeit the exclusive privilege
granted him in the foregoing article.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall Cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated..
Given in Saltillo the 22d of October, 1827.
JOSE M. de CARDENAS, President,
JUAN A. GONZALES, D. S. Supletory,
JOSE 1. SANCHES, D. S.
DECREE No. 27.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, in attention to the
despatch of the affairs that are pending, and exercising the power
granted the same by article 19 of the Constitution, decrees:
The sessions shall be prorogued one month.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 30th of October, 1827.
JOSE F. MADERO, President,
JOSE I. SANCHES, D. S,
JOSE A. NAVARRO, D. S.
DECREE No. 28.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, desiring, if possible,
to put an entire stop so the smuggling of Tobacco, and to give the
rent all the activity and growth of which it is susceptible, has thought
proper to decree: •
Art. 1. All smuggled Tobacco, seized in the State, shall be confiscated,
and after its quality is examined, the value thereof shall be distributed
according to the confiscating compact, previously deducting the 25 per
cent, duty prescribed in favor of the State rent.
Art. 2. The smuggler, for the first offence, besides loosing the To-
bacco, shall pay twentv-five dollars fine for every twentv-five pounds
seized upon him, and should he not have money to pay the said fine, one
month in the public works shall be substituted as a punishment equal to
every ten dollars: said corporal punishment, whatever be the quantity
of Tobacco smuggled, shall not exceed four years. Should he repeat the
offence, he shall be sentenced to a fortress for six years.
(194)