Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
85
Art. 3. Should the Tobacco be of a bad quality, it should be burnt,
and the smugglers fined twelve dollars for every twenty-five pounds, in
other respects conforming to the preceding article; and the informer
shall be requited with twenty-five dollars out of the State funds.
Art. 4. That the articles 2d and 3d be duly and punctually com-
plied with, the judges, whose duty it is according to the existing laws to
declare the confiscation, shall previously take the proper steps within
the peremptory term of forty-eight hours, whatever be the quality of
the smuggled Tobacco, and make the declaration within the said term,
conforming to the provision of the articles aforesaid in the application
of the punishment, which, whether corporal or pecuniary, shall bg exe-
cuted according to the amount and quality of the Tobacco smuggled.
Art. 5. Judges and officers who shall be unfaithful in the fulfilment
of this law, shall be responsible to the provision of article 12 of Decree
No. 7, issued on the 27th of August last.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo the 2d of November, 1827.
JOSE F. MADERO, President,
JOSE I. SANCHES, D. S.
JOSE A. NAVARRO, D. S.
DECREE No. 29.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas decrees as follows:
Art. 1. The town of Saltillo shall be called the city of Leona Vi-
cario.
Art. 2. The name of the town of Estevan de Tlascala shall be changed
to that of Villaiongin.
Art. 3. In all public instruments, and other writings, official and
private, the names designated in the preceding articles shall be used.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo the 15th of November, 1827.
JOSE F. MADERO. President,
JOSE I. SANCHES, D. S.
JOSE A. NAVARRO, D. S.
DECREE No. 30.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree as follows:
Art. 1. For the better security and distribution of the funds of the
public revenue, a vault shall be established, to be styled Treasury of the
(195)