86
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
State of Coahuila and Texas, wherein the products of all the rents and
taxes of every description, that are now, or shall he hereafter, established
to pay the proportion belonging to the State of the general expendi-
tures of the Republic, and to cover the private disbursements of the said
State, shall physically and vitally enter, deducting solely the expense of
administration.
Art. 2. The office shall be composed of a general Treasurer, whose
salary shall he twelve hundred dollars per annum: an accountant re-
ceiving five hundred, a clerk three hundred, and a porter ninety-six dol-
lars per annum.
Art. 3. The treasurer shall be appointed by the Governor, and ap-
proved by Congress. To be a treasurer it shall be required to be a Mexican
by birth, a native of or domiciliated in the State, having resided three
years therein, and discharged some public office with honor.
Art. 4. The accountant shall be appointed by the Governor on a
nomination of three by the treasurer. The treasurer shall freely appoint
and remove the clerk and porter.
Art. 5. The attributes of the general treasurer shall be the same. as
those formerly exercised by the treasurers and accountants .of the abolish-
ed coffers as ministers of the public revenue, so far as they are not op-
posed to the provision of this decree.
Art. 6. The treasurer shall have exclusive charge of all the funds
that enter the treasury, and he alone shall be responsible for any faults
that shall arise in the management and distribution thereof.
Art. 7. The treasurer general shall give bonds in the usual form for
the faithful discharge of his duties, to the amount of eight thousand dol-
lars.
Art. 8. He shall form, at the earliest possible period, a set of regula-
tions for the internal administration of his office, and shall pass the same
to the Governor, who, previously hearing the opinion of the council,
shall present it, accompanied by his report, to Congress for approval.
Art. 9. The income of the treasury shall be distributed by the treas-
ury itself, whether in specie or in warrants to places at a distance, agree-
ably to the monthly statement of presumed or pre-supposed expendi-
tures, formed by the Governor in view of the general statement approved
by Congress. A copy of the same shall be transmitted to the treasury
for the purpose, signed by the Governor, and countersigned by the Secre-
tary of State.
Art. 10. The treasurer general shall go on paying the sums contained
in the statements of pre-supposed expenses by virtue of the order of the
Governor, and no sum shall be paid not expressly or tacitly included
in .said statements, unless subsequently decreed by Congress, and ordered
by the Governor to be executed.
Art. 11. The treasurer shall be responsible for the inobservance of
the preceding article; but should the Governor order him to make anv
payment contrary to the provision made therein, he shall execute it,
provided the order contain the following expression: notwithstand-
(196)