90
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 15th of November, 1827.
JOSE E. MADERO, President.
JOSE I. SANCHES, D. S.
JOSE A. NAVARRO, D. S.
DECREE No. 34.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. A junta shall be established in the State to have the direction
of the tythes. The Governor shall proceed to instal the same as early as
possible.
Art. 2. The said junta shall consist of the Vice Governor, (who shall
officiate as president,) the minister of the third hall of the Tribunal,
the Treasurer, (who shall discharge the duties of accountant,) and two
Ecclesiastics or secular persons, who shall be appointed, one by the ven-
erable chapter of Monterrey, and the other by that of Durango. The
president shall have the casting vote only. The Attorney General of
the Tribunal shall officiate in the same capacity in the said junta.
Art. 3. The junta shall possess the same attributes as prescribed in
the ordinance for intendants, so far as they are not opposed to the present
form of government and this law.
Art. 4. The junta shall appoint a tythe agent in the district of Mon-
clova, one in that of Parras, and another in that of Saltillo.
Art. 5. To be a tythe agent it shall be required to be a citizen of
Coahuila and Texas, in the exercise of his rights, over 25 years of age,
a Mexican by birth, and to enjoy no ecclesiastical or military privilege.
Art. 6. No agent shall proceed to any sale of chattels without previous
notice of the junta. The latter shall furnish lists of prices for prizing
the moveable property at the time it is gathered, and stock raisers shall
not be compelled to deliver their stock, provided they pay for it at the
price established.
Art. 7. Grain shall be sold by order of the junta, which alone shall
appoint the time and place wherein it shall be sold; fruit and other perish-
able articles shall be immediately sold by the agents.
Art. 8. The agents shall remit to the junta, every four months, the
entire amount produced by the'sales; and the latter, immediately on the
receipt thereof, shall order it conveyed to the treasury, to be deposited
by the treasurer in a separate coffer, from which it shall not be taken
for any purpose whatever, until the corresponding distribution and de-
livery is made to the persons who are to share the same.
Art. 9. Agents shall be prohibited from trafficking in grain during
the term of their administration.
( 200)