Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
93
may inform that of Santa Bosa, in order that the latter may take such
measures as it shall deem proper to prevent disorder.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo the 24th of November, 1827.
[The same Signers.]
DECBEE No. 37.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, in view of the diffi-
culties manifested by some of the towns, through the channel of the
Executive, in complying with the provision of articles 137 and 138
of the law No. 37, given by the constituent Congress, and desiring
they may be better understood, decrees the following explanatory ar-
ticles:—
Art. 1. Only those called natives, and their descendants by what-
ever lineage, shall be included in the distribution of lands and waters,
mentioned in articles 137 and 138, of the law No. 37, of the 15th of
June last.
Art. 2. In the distribution that shall be made of the said lands and
waters, agreeably to the aforementioned articles, it shall not be requisite
that the origin of those called natives be proved, but it shall suffice that
in the use and profit of these pieces of arable land, in filling municipal
offices, and in other labours, they have been considered as such, for
awarding to them their corresponding portions, notwithstanding- they
may have been looked upon as appendant persons, from having been
born in other towns, provided said towns are also composed of natives.
Art. 3. In respect to the families of day laborers, or domestic serv-
ants, who, having been employed in the service of those -who were called
natives, or deriving their origin from such, do not need the qualifications
required in the foregoing article, their corresponding portion shall be
awarded them of the farming tracts herein mentioned.
Art. 4. Doubts that arise upon this point shall be determined by the
Executive, after receiving the reports of the Ayuntamiento. and chief of
the respective department.
Art. 5. The privilege granted in' the last part of article 138, of the
aforementioned law, to natives who have built houses, shall include other
citizens who, not being natives, have acquired a legal right to this kind
of securities.
Art. 6. The term assigned by the Executive for investigating the
quantity of lands and waters of these participated possessions, and the
number of families entitled to the same, having expired, the Executive
shall establish another prudential and peremptory term for hearing per-
sons excluded, and claiming to be aggrieved, which claims shall be de-
cided administratively as provided in article 4. The latter term having
closed, no further action shall be had upon the subject.
(-203 )