Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
95
Art. 7. The Ayuntamientos shall strictly observe the conduct, mani-
festation of sentiments, and carriage of the Spaniards; not permitting
them, from this time, to hold any meeting in public places composed of
more than three persons, and in private not even of this number.
Art. 8. Should certain information be received that any Spaniard or
Mexican uses degrading terms in speaking of the actual form of govern-
ment, or endeavors, even in an indirect manner, to bring it into disrepute,,
or shews subversive inclinations, he shall be apprehended, summarily
tried, and placed at the disposal of the corresponding judge or tribunal,
as may be desired.
Art. 9. The authorities who shall manifest the slightest reluctance
to comply faithfully with this law, shall be removed from office, and
disqualified for filling any other office for the term of five years, unless
reinstated by Congress; and such shall moreover pay a fine of five hun-
dred dollars, to be appropriated to the funds for public instruction in the
State.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 27th of November, 1827.
[The same Signers.]
DECREE No. 39.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
To be a member of the special tribunal mentioned in article 198 of
the Constitution, besides the qualifications of education and probity, it
shall be required to be a citizen in the exercise of his rights, over twenty-
five years of age, born in the Republic of Mexico, domiciliated in the
State, to hold no office in Congress, the Executive Council, or to be un-
der immediate subordination to the Executive.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 4th of January, 1828.
JOSE E. MADERO, President,
JOSE M. CARDENAS, D. S.
JOSE M. ARTIA, D. S.
DECREE No. 40.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree:
Art. 1. Accusations tried before the tribunal of justice, against in-
ferior judges or an assessor for crime of office, shall be despatched with-
( 205 )