96
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
in thirty days from the time the solicitation is presented, solely for it to
be declared whether there is a just cause of action.
ART. 2. The accusations pending shall be despatched within the same
term, to be reckoned from the publicaion of this decree.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 14th of January, 1828.
[The same Signers.]
DECREE No. 41.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree:
ART. 1. The Ecclesiastical divisions or offices, wherein the Executive
is to exercise the prerogative according to article 10, of the law No. 37,
for the financial administration of the towns, shall be for the present
vicarial curacies, permanently established, with offices of principal and
assistant sexton.
Abt. 2. The Ecclesiastical authority of Nuevo Leon, being at present
that of the greatest part of the State, and that of Durango, in so much
of the State as belongs to that diocess, previous to appointing to the Ec-
clesiastical offices or divisions, which are now or shall be herafter estab-
lished in Coahuila and Texas, shall forward to the Governor a private
and circumstantial list of the person or persons, with whom they are in-
tended to be filled, stating the office wherein they are designated to be
placed.
Abt. 3. The Governor shall transmit the list privately to the council,
for the same to report whether they consider any person or persons
of the Ecclesiastics proposed, dangerous to the tranquility of the
State.
Abt. 4. The following shall be considered dangerous persons:—First,
native Spaniards; second, those partial to a monarchical or central form
of government; third, those evidently fanatics.
Abt. 5. The Governor, in view of the report of the council, or from
his own practical acquaintance, shall reject or admit the candi-
dates.
Abt. 6. Should the Governor and council not agree on the question,
whether the Ecclesiastic or Ecclesiastics proposed are dangerous persons,
the affirmative shall prevail.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo the 17th of January, 1828.
[The same Signers.]
( 206 )