Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
97
DECREE No. 42.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. Pauses for chanting the responses in funeral processions are
hereby prohibited in the State.
Art. 2. Church festivals solemnized in the towns to Patron Saints (in
effigy) or rather images, shall not be ettected through captains or fes-
tival officers appointed by any authority or person.
Art. 3. Festivals made hereafter shall be by those persons who volun-
tarily choose, and shall not be preceded by any invitation.
Art. 4. Exhortations made by Curates in the pulpit to their parish-
ioners, shall not be construed as a prohibited invitation.
F’or its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 22d of January, 1828.
■ [The same Signers.
DECREE No. 43.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. The inhabitants of the new Texas colonies, and of every other
town whatever hereafter founded in the State, shall be exempted from
complying with the stamped paper law for the term of ten years, as pro-
vided in article 32 of the colonization law of the 24th of March, 1825,
except as regards titles to property and the formation of the books of
each town, which shall be executed on the corresponding paper.
Art. 2. Said term shall be reckoned from the time the new towns are
founded, and, with respect to those founded prior to the colonization
law, from the publication of this decree.
Art. 3. The inhabitants of the towns mentioned in the foregoing ar-
ticles, may use common paper, except in those cases to which the last
part of article 1 refers, and the documents and all kinds of instruments,
public and private, shall not be thereby rendered invalid or illegal, but
they shall accomplish all the purposes for which they were intended.
Art. 4. Persons herein favored shall enjoy the aforesaid privilege only
in those towns to which it is granted; in other parts of the State, they
shall use stamped paper the same as other citizens.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 9th of February, 1828.
JOSE I. SANCHES, President,
JOSE M. ARTIA, D. S.
JOSE MARIA ECHAIS, D. S.
207 )