98
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
DECREE No. 44.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper-
to decree:
Art. 1. The town of Gigedo shall for the present be the capital of
the district of Rio Grande, without detriment to any arrangement made-
when the mail route through that quarter shall be changed.
Art. 2. All subordinate district chiefs hereafter appointed, who do
not belong to the town assigned them for their future residence, shall re-
ceive 400 dollars per annum besides their present salary, and in all cases
they shall be allowed one hundred and fifty dollars over the amount des-
ignated by article 85 of the financial regulations of the towns for ex-
pense of clerk and paper.
Art. 3. The Executive shall proceed, according to his powers, to have
the mail route established through the towns of Gigedo, Allende, More-
los, Rosas, Nava, and Guerrero; also to have the post, of the time he
spends in Rosas, make one days stay in Gigedo to collect all the letters,,
in order that they may have a better conveyance.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo on the 21st of Februarv, 1828.
JOSE I SANCHES, President,
JOSE A. NAVARRO, D. S. S.
JOSE MARIA ECHAIS, D. S.
DECREE No. 45.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree as follows:
Should the election of any citizen for municipal charges become va-
cant, or not go into effect from illegality, or physical or moral impedi-
ment, new electoral meetings shall be holden, provided there be no other-
person chosen by any number of votes.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be-
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo the 21st of February, 1828.
[The same signers.]
DECREE No. 46.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper-
to decree:
Art. 1. Exclusive privilege is hereby granted to John Lucio Wood-
bury and John Cameron, for the term of twenty-three years, reck-
(208)