Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
99
oned from the publication of this decree, for working Iron and Coal
mines in the State.
Art. 2. Within the aforementioned term, no person shall be engaged
in working said mines without permission from said Woodbury and Cam-
eron, with the exception of mines discovered and legally specified and
claimed previous to the promulgation of this decree.
Art. 3. Should the persons aforesaid, at the expiration of the three
first years from the concession, not have introduced the machinery and
necessary utensils, and erected, in one of the departments of Coahuila
and Texas at least, the proper buildings for working and elaborating the
iron, they shall forfeit the privilege.
Art. 4. The persons to whom said privilege is granted may introduce
professed artists for smelting or separating the metal; for common min-
ing laborers they shall prefer the natives of the country.
Art. 5. The price of iron, of no regular shape and of superior qual-
ity, shall not exceed in the State five-eights of a rial the pound.
Art. 6. The aforementioned persons shall undertake their labors agree-
ably to the mining ordinances, and at the close of twenty-three years,
the term of the privilege granted them, all the mines shall be open to
claim agreeably to the laws that are now or shall be hereafter enacted on
the subject.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Given in Saltillo the 25th of February, 1828.
JOSE I. SANCHES, President,
JOSE M. ARTIA, D. S.
JOSE A. NAVARRO, D. S. S.
DECREE No. 47.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Abt. 1. His Excellency General Vicente Guerrero, who by his bravery
has earned a name among his country’s worthies, and his Excellency Gen-
eral Manuel Gomez Pedraza, the present Secretary of War, are hereby de-
clared citizens of Coahuila and Texas.
Art. 2. The bust of the former shall be placed in the hall of sessions
of Congress, at the right of the President’s chair, and upon the pedestal
the following shall be inscribed in letters of gold:—Memento of grat-
itude of the first Constitutional Congress to the immortal Vicente Guerrero.
Art. 3. The Executive shall order the provision of the foregoing arti-
cle to be accomplished as early as possible.
Art. 4. The State of Coahuila and Texas gratefully acknowledges
the important and signal services rendered by these illustrious military
officers during the occurrences at Tulancingo.
14 — VOL. I.
( 209 )