104
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
DECREE No. 58.
Regulations of the local militia of the State.
DECREE No. 59.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, anxious to facilitate
the Governor of the State with the means of aiding the national Ex-
ecutive, in the critical circumstances in which he is placed, to repel
the invasion preparing in Havanna by the tyranical king of Spain for
the re-conquest of Mexico, has thought proper to decree:
Abt. 1. The Executive is hereby authorized to negotiate with the Gov-
ernors of the mitre of Nuevo Leon and Durango, a loan of the amount in
coin pertaining to the funds for maintenance and repairs and belonging
to the Parish Churches in the State, and that belonging to the confra-
ternities and other charitable establishments, without detriment to re-
ligious worship in the former, or to the fulfilment of the objects of the
latter.
Abt. 2. The amount of the confraternities and other pious legacies,
mentioned in article 140 of law No. 37, and which therefore pertains to
the Ayuntamientos, shall be annexed to the funds of the State.
Abt. 3. So much of said funds, and those mentioned in article 1, as
is taken upon rent redeemable at any time, shall be taken by the State
in the same manner.
Abt. 4. The Executive shall request of all the Ayuntamientos an exact
account of all the laical deposites in their respective municipalities, and
the same being collected within a prudential and peremptory term, he
shall cause them to be added to the funds of the State, which insures the
said funds as well as all the others in the manner herein specified.
Abt. 5. The State hereby guarantees the loans, deposites, and capi-
tals, which it receives upon rent, with its present rents and the proceeds
of the lands granted to the colonists.
Abt. 6. The Executive is also hereby authorized to open, through the
proper channels, a subscription or voluntary donation, embracing all
classes, sexes, and corporations; admitting, in lieu of money, property of
every kind, or jewels that may be offered by females; taking care that
the different kinds of property be turned into money, and to receive a
list of the donors, shewing their donations; also, an account of the pro-
ceeds thereof, with the proper vouchers.
Abt. 7. The Executive shall place the result of these means at the
disposal of the general government, notifying Congress of the amount,
and shall faithfully and punctually discharge the payments of interest
and the capital which he receives in this manner by way of loan.
Abt. 8. Ayuntamientos which from omission, or any other cause, give
occasion for frauds in concealing, or retarding the delivery of the afore-
mentioned sums, shall be answerable with their own property, and
(214)