Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
105
should that not be sufficient, shall be suspended in the enjoyment of the
rights of citizens for a term not exceeding three years.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 14th of May, 1828.
[The same Signers.]
DECREE No. 60.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
All judicial subjects and suits instituted against securities situated in
the State, shall be concluded in all their processes in the courts of the
State.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 14th of May, 1828.
[The same Signers.]
Returned by the Governor on the 1st of September, 1828, and being
reconsidered during the sessions of 1829, was rejected on the 4th of May
of that year.
DECREE No. 61.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, having considered the
subject proposed by the Executive, bearing date the 2d of April last,
relative to elucidating article 3 of law No. 38, and desirous that the
explanation may embrace other points, wherein it might be thought
to conflict with the general law of the 20th of December last, has
thought proper to decree:
ART. 1. When any transient Spaniard arrives at any place in the State,
and from moral or physical impediments is, in the opinion of the Execu-
tive, unable to proceed on his journey, he may remain for such a length
of time as the Executive shall deem proper.
Art. 2. Spaniards not comprised in the general law of exile of the
20th of December last, or in the private laws issued to the same effect
by different States of the Republic, after proving the same, shall not be
considered transient according to the meaning of article 3 of decree No.
38, and those in the former ease shall shew furthermore that they have
taken the oath prescribed in article 16 of the aforementioned general
law.
Art. 3. Although the Spaniards mentioned in the foregoing article
may remain in the State such time as the Executive shall think proper,
to attend to their business and pursuits, such residence shall not give
them the right of domicile, nor shall they acquire thereby any civil
(215)