106
Laws and Decrees of Cdahuila and Texas.
or political rights, so long as Spain shall not acknowledge the indepen-
dence of the Republic.
Art. 4. The Spaniards mentioned in the two foregoing articles, dur-
ing the time they remain in the State, shall submit to the measures of
policy contained in.decree No. 38.
Art. 5. The Executive is hereby authorized to banish from the State
all Spaniards who may remain therein agreeably to this decree, should
he, after receiving a report from the local authority of the place of their
residence, consider them dangerous persons.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 15th of May, 1828.
[The same Signers.]
DECREE No. 62.
■ The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. Article 39 of the colonization law, so far as it provides that
commissioners shall be paid agreeably to the last fee bill of the ancient
court of oyer and terminer of Mexico, shall be without value or force,
and the provision of said article for designating the pay of surveyors,
and manner it shall be done, shall be observed.
Art. 2. Said commissioners shall receive as a compensation for their
labors in the ratio of fifteen dollars for every sitio of grazing land they
distribute; two dollars for each labor of temporal land; and twenty rials
for each labor of irrigable land, to be paid by the same families of settlers
to whom the lands are awarded; and the said families shall be free from
every other burthen on the part of the commissioner, with the exception
of the stamped paper required for issuing their titles, and the formation
of the respective books, which shall be at their expense.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 15th of May, 1828.
[The same Signers.]
DECREE No. 63.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Without augmenting the twenty-three years privilege, which by
article 1 of Decree No. 46, was granted to Jno. L. Woodbury and Jno.
Cameron, for working iron and coal mines, the term prefixed by art. 3
of said decree for them to introduce and set up the machines, and build
(216)