Laivs and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
ill
merit of debts contracted. previous to the acquisition of said lands, from
whatever source the said debts originate or proceed.
Art. 2. Until after the expiration of twelve years from having held
legal possession, the colonists and empresarios cannot be sued, or in-
commoded by the judges, on account of said debts.
Art. 3. After the expiration of the term prefixed in the foregoing
article, although they may be sued for said debts, they shall not be obli-
gated to pay them in lands, implements of husbandry, or tools of their
trade or machines, but expressly in fruits or money in a manner not to
affect their attention to their families, to their husbandry, or art they
profess.
For its fulfilment. the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 13th of January, 1829.
[The names of the signers not mentioned in the book.]
DECEEE No. 71.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, having attended to
various difficulties, manifested by different Ayuntamientos through
the channel of the Executive, in strictly complying with article 143
of the financial regulations of the towns, and wishing on their part to
prevent all doubt in relation to said articles, in explanation thereof
has thought proper to decree as follows:
Art. 1. The Ayuntamientos, on the receipt of this decree, with the
concurrence of the curate of each town, shall proceed to comply with
the provision of article 142 of the law No. 37, of the 13th of June, 1827,
examining the documents in order to investigate the manner of estab-
lishment of the funds of the confraternities and other charitable legacies
mentioned in said article; should they find the same to be legal, they
shall comply with the provision of the said article.
Art. 2. The parish curates shall be obligated to present the bonds
or instruments of establishment immediately; and should they refuse to
do so within the peremptory term of thirty days, after being notified by
the first or by the- sole- Alcalde of each town, the Ayuntamiento shall
set aside the establishment as having taken place in an illegal manner:
and shall provide that the funds of the confraternities, or other funds es-
tablished for. pious purposes, the instruments of establishment or legacy
whereof are not presented, or do not appear, he immediately placed with
their municipal funds; and the plea of their having been lost, or mis-
placed, shall be of no avail.
Art. 3. The term of one year shall be granted to parish curates to
present therein the accrediting documents of the confraternities, or
charitable legacies, the funds whereof are taken by the Ayuntamientos
by virtue of the preceding article; and should it appear by said doeu-
(221)