Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
117
DECEEE No. 83.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, in view of the declin-
ing state of its internal trade, occasioned in a great measure by the
influx of foreigners in the market, and wishing to prevent as far as
possible the ruin of those of their constituents who follow this pursuit,
and find business to be paralyzed; also to give an impulse to their trade,
has thought proper to decree as follows:
Art. 1. For the present, and until congress shall regulate commerce
with foreign nations generally, merchants coming from those, which have
not ratified treaties with Mexico, shall be prohibited from retailing goods
in any town in the State; being permitted to sell at wholesale only, for
cash or on credit.
Art. 2. Individuals from nations with which Mexico has ratified treat-
ies, proving to the local authorities their origin, and that of the merchan-
dise they introduce, with the respective passports to the consuls general
of their own nation, and other documents the laws do now, or shall here-
after prescribe, shall be excepted from the provision of the preceding
article.
Art. 3. The Alcaldes and Empresarios of the colonies of the state shall
give the colonists in their respective limits a certificate for a limited and
sufficient time, in order that they may be considered as Mexicans.
Art. 4. Those who, on commission or as clerks, retail the goods of
any foreigner not favored in this law, shall be subject to the penalties it
imposes on the transgressors, and may be informed against by any indi-
vidual of the town, before the respective Alcalde.
Art. 5. Any foreign or native merchant, who shall transgress this law.
shall incur a fine of five hundred dollars, which the Alcalde of the re-
spective municipality shall cause him to pay, with power to destine him
six months to public works, if, after the corresponding investigation, he
has not wherewith to satisfy the fine.
Art. 6. Said fines shall be paid to the informer, and to the funds of
the Ayuntamiento where they are collected, one hundred dollars each;
the remainder to the funds of the state:—should. no informer intervene,
the part assigned such person, shall belong to the Alcalde, who conducts
the ease officially, and the costs shall be divided in proportion to the
amount of each share of the fine.
Art. 7. This law shall go into effect in ninety days from its publica-
tion, and the local authorities shall be responsible for any unfaithfulness
in the fulfilment thereof.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 2nd of April, 1829.
[The same Signers.]
(227)