118
Laws and Decrees of- Coahuila and Texas.
Returned by the Executive with his remarks thereon on the 2nd. of
April 1829, and being amended, was again transmitted, bearing No. 91
on the 13th of May of the same year.
DECREE No. 84.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, has thought proper
to decree the following as additional articles to the internal regula-
tions, No. 32, of the 7th of April, 1827.
Art. 1. Congress shall appoint four secular persons from their own
body, whose duty it shall be to sit as grand jury, one of whom shall not
have a vote, and shall act as Secretary.
ART. 2. The jury shall take notice of the grounds of the complaint
or accusation, may hear the complainant to see if he has any further ex-
planation to make, and shall furthermore make such legal investigation
as the same shall deem necessary for determining the fact.
Art. 3. The record being formed as promptly as possible, the jury
shall cite the accused to hear his plea or answer, which shall be taken,
down by the Secretary.
Art. 4. This step being concluded, the committee shall write their
report and notify congress therewith, which, appointing a day for dis-
cussion, shall summon the accused to appear, to give him an opportunity
to make further explanation; and the accused then retiring, congress
shall proceed to the discussion, in public or private session as the same
shall agree, and shall declare whether there be a just cause of action.
Art. 5. Should congress resolve in the affirmative, all the antecedents
shall be transmitted to the corresponding tribunal, for the same to act
according to law.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 24th of March, 1829.
[The same Signers.]
DECREE No. 85.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. The chief agent of the state excise rent is hereby authorized to
contract equal payments at specificperiods for the duties resulting from
all effects, fruits and crops of the owners of haciendas, ranchos and
bakeries, which thev introduce to be sold or manufactured in the towns
not exempted from duties.
Art. 2. Said contracts shall commence from the publication of
this decree, and be taken out so soon as a systematic plan of revenue is
( 228 )