120
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
in said form shall be settled on the publication of this law and the debt
or credit resulting shall be divided among the individuals comprised in
the account—in proportion to the wages they obtain for their labor, and
in future the respective account of each shall be separately kept, agree-
ably to the provision of this law.
Art. 3. Masters shall take care in future to retain one-third of the
wages of each of their servants, to be placed to their credit in their re-
spective accounts, and they shall be exonerated from this retention, only
in cases of serious sickness, or absolute nakedness of the servant and his
family, when they shall be supplied with what is absolutely required.
Art. 4. Should there be any failure to comply with the provision of
the preceding article, the transgressor shall be sentenced, to loose the
part he did not retain, which shall be placed to the credit of the servant.
Art. 5. Every servant, who solicits employment, at the time of mak-
ing his contract, shall present a paper proving the amount he then owes,
also his conduct as a citizen and as a servant; said document shall be
signed, either by his former master, by the judge, or by a citizen of
known probity. The debts shall he paid directly from master to master
as they shall agree, it being prohibited only to be through the medium of
the servant newly employed, without which requisites no bargain what-
ever shall be legal.
Art. 6. Contracts made between masters and servants shall be ex-
pressed in the plainest manner at the head of the respective accounts.
Art. 7. Grain or provisions promised to servants as rations shall be
supplied them in the natural state or kind, without any alteration, and
only when the master is sick shall they be charged with the value thereof
—should the master not see fit to let them have it gratis.
Art. 8. Provisions or effects supplied, to servants on account of their
labour shall be charged at the current prices of the market.
Art. 9. The master who transgresses the preceding article, charging
his servant an excessive price for what he supplies him, shall be fined
five times the amount of his fraud, to be declared by the Alcalde after
proving the fact; one-fifth of the fine shall go to indemnify the servant,
and the remainder shall be added to the municipal funds.
Art. 10. Minors shall be placed in employment by their respective
parents, or relatives on whom they depend, the former having a right
to the fruit of the labor of their children, and relatives to the manage-
ment thereof without detriment to the subsistence of the minors.
Art. 11. Masters and superintendents may chastise their servants for
any faults they commit, treating them in so doing in a pa rental manner.
Art. 12. Any person, who transgresses the preceding article by ex-
cessive chastisement, shall be compelled to pay the damage agreeably
to the result of a competent trial, summary or conciliatory, and shall
( 230 )