Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
121
furthermore be fined by the Alcalde according to his attributes, and the
seriousness of the case for the benefit of the municipal funds.
Art. 13. When the master enters a complaint against his servant for
being an idler, incorrigible, obstinate and impertinent, the Alcalde shall
compel the servant to return to his duty, punishing him as he deserves,
according to the circumstances of the offence.
Abt. 14. A servant who leaves the service of his master in debt, or
who, not being in debt, looses the concerns under his charge by negli-
gence or omission, shall be tried according to articles 2, 3, 4 and 5, of
law No. 7, should a complaint be entered against him.
Art. 15. Besides the annual settlement that shall be made in the ac-
counts of servants, they may require the master to shew the same, when
they intend to apply for any considerable amount, who shall acquaint
them therewith.
Art. 16. When the servant wishes to leave the service of his master,
without prejudice to the contract made, he may compel his master to
settle the account, and to furnish him the document specified in article
5, and the master shall perform this duty within one month at the
longest.
Art. 17. The action of servants against their master in respect to
dues for their personal labor, shall be of an executive character, and
shall have the preference conceded by law.
Art. 18. Masters shall not be obliged to pay the burial of their ser-
vants who die in debt, nor shall the families of the latter be required to
do it when they possess no other property than what is required for their
personal and domestic use.
Abt. 19. When any servant in debt, and not possessing any other
property than that excepted in the preceding article, has occasion to bury
any of his family, the master shall not be obligated to supply him a
greater amount than what is necessary to pay the fees of an ordinary
burial, according to the rates of the diocess.
Art. 20. Debts of those who die in service shall be paid with the
property they leave on their decease, and their children and relatives
shall not be compelled in any other manner.
Art. 21. The local authorities in their jurisdiction, and under their
strictest responsibility. shall watch over the punctual fulfilment of this
law in all its parts.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 4th April, 1829.
JOSE MARIA BALMASEDA, President.
JOSE MARIA ARAGON. D. S.
RAMON GARZIA ROXAS, D. S.
( 231 )