Laws' and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
127
in any town in the state, being permitted to sell only at wholesale, for
cash, or on credit.
Art. 2. Also every. foreigner, or native of the republic is hereby
prohibited the introduction and sale of coarse. cotton and woolen stuffs,
not manufactured in the republic—natives being permitted to continue
the sale of the goods of this kind they now have on hand.
Art. 3. The Alcaldes and Empresarios of the colonies of the state
shall give the colonists of their respective limits, engaged in trade, a
certificate for a sufficient and limited time, that they may be consid-
ered as Mexicans.
Art. . 4. The Alcaldes of all the towns of the state shall likewise
give certificates to those foreigners, who, besides obtaining letter of citi-
zenship, have fixed their residence in any of the towns in their limits,
should they request it on account of being engaged in trade.
Art. 5. Those who on commission, or as clerks, retail the goods of
any foreigner, shall be subject to the penalties this law imposes on the
offenders, and may be informed of by any individual of the town to the
respective Alcalde.
Art. 6. Any foreigner or native merchant, who transgresses this law,
shall be fined five hundred dollars, which the' Alcalde of the respective
municipality shall cause him to deliver, with authority to destine him
six months to public works, should it appear on proper investigation that
he has not the means to pay the fine.
Art. 7. Said fines shall be appropriated, one hundred dollars to the
informer, one hundred to the funds of the Ayuntamiento where they
are collected, and the rest to those of the state. Should there be no
informer, the part assigned for that purpose shall belong to the Alcalde
who conducts the official proceedings, and the costs shall be divided in
proportion to the amount of each portion or share.
Art. 8. This law shall go into full effect in ninety days from its pub-
lication in the capitol of each district, and the local authorities shall
be answerable for any breach of trust in the fulfilment thereof.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 13th of May, 1829.
[The same Signers.]
DECREE No. 92.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. A school of mutual instruction, on the Lancastrian plan, shall
be established in each department of the state.
(237 )