Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
129
Art. 13. Said fund shall consist of the present school funds of the
capital towns, to which shall be added the legacies intended for this ob-
ject, the municipal quotas assigned, and the product of pay pupils in the
respective schools.
Art. 14. Parents who are able, shall pay for each of their children
fourteen dollars per annum, while learning the first rudiments, until
they commence to write, and eighteen dollars the rest of the time until
they leave the establishment.
Art. 15. The Ayuntamiento shall be vigilent, that the collection of
the sums assigned to this fund be exact, permitting no delay; and taking
care that the parcels paid in be entered in a book that shall be formed
in each capital for keeping the account of its respective establish-
ment.
Art. 16. The special fund of each department shall be used in pay-
ing the teacher, house rent, market, and repair of school furniture, the
amounts thus paid out to be proved by the teacher’s receipts, authenti-
cated by the certificate of the sindico procurador and the order of the
Alcalde.
Art. 17. When the fund of an establishment has not the means of
promptly meeting any expense it shall be assisted by the funds of the
municipality, to be restored and should even these be exhausted, applica-
tion shall be made for the aid of funds, to be restored, to the chief agents
of the state rents, who shall supply what is necessary after the proper
document is authenticated by the Ayuntamiento.
Art. 18. Each pupil educated in the establishment, on leaving, shall
pay to the respective Ayuntamiento the sum of ten dollars, to be called
gratitude- money, and with this a separate fund shall be formed, to be
used to reward the teacher, with the understanding that it shall not be
.delivered him until the conclusion of his contract, he being required to
keep an exact account of the amount of said funds paid in, to correspond
with that which shall be kept by the Ayuntamiento.
Art. 19. The accounts of these funds shall be rendered to the Execu-
tive at the close of each financial year, and shall be made out agreeably
to the accompanying form.
Art. 20. The Executive shall endeavor that this law have its full ef-
fect as soon as possible, and to establish the schools, he may dispose of the
state rents to the- amount of two thousand dollars, under the most strict
account of the disposition thereof, which shall be no other than the pur-
chase of all the furniture, slates and books, required for carrying into ef-
fect the object of this decree.
(239 )