132
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
the ports of Galveston and Bahia de San Bernardo, shall be appointed
by the executive, and approved by congress, without which the respec-
tive commission shall not be granted them for entering on the exercise
of their functions.
Abt. 2. The persons appointed to said station shall present their
commissions to the civil authority of the port, for which they are chosen,
and before the same shall take the oath prescribed by article 220 of
the constitution of the state.
Abt. 3. For the present a salary of five hundred dollars per an-
num, shall be assigned these, officers, without affecting the percentage
received by the clerks or receivers of the respective ports.
Abt. 4. The said officers shall comply as prescribed to intervening
officers in the general custom house tariff, collecting the two rials ton-
age duty pertaining to the state, giving notice to the executive of the
product thereof every month, and taking charge of the performance of
the duties with regard to the other state rents in the port of their resi-
dence.
Abt. 5. Should the present clerks of the ports be appointed inter-
vening officers, they shall deliver to those who succeed them all the
chattels'in their possession, adjusting their accounts up to the day they
make the delivery, which they shall remit to their immediate superiors,
accompanied by the funds they have on hand.
Abt. 6. The executive shall give the respective orders for the salary of
the intervening officers to be paid at the end of every months’ service,
dictating such measures as he shall deem seasonable for the exact fulfil-
ment of this decree.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 13th of May, 1829.
[The same Signers.]
DECEEE No. 95.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Abt. 1. The governor is hereby authorized to regulate the boundaries
with the adjoining states.
Abt. 2. The governor may cede any portion of the territory of the
state, and admit in return another equal portion of the states adjoining,
giving notice to congress, and during their recess, to the permanent
deputation.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 15th May, 1829.
[The same Signers.]
( 242 )