Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
139
five, to the generals in chief of the army of reserve, governors of the
states, generals, commadants and political chiefs of the territories.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 9th of January, 1830.
[The same Signers.]
DECREE No. 111.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, in view of the ground
taken by the second Alcalde of this capital, for not discharging his
office, viz: that he considers the privilege to be still in force granted
to persons newly married by the law, last clause under the first head,
book Sth of the Spanish collection of statutes; and considering that
should this still continue in force as a concession made by the King
of Spain to his old dominions, it would directly conflict with the form
of government adopted by Mexico, decrees:
Law 14th, first head, book 5th of the Castillian collection, in the
part wherein it treats of municipal offices and assessments shall be under-
stood as repealed.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated. -
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 13th of January, 1830.
[The same Signers.]
DECREE No. 112.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Joseph M. Bangs, a native of the United States of the North, is here-
by declared a citizen of Coahuila and Texas.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 15th of January, 1830.
[The same Signers.
DECREE No. 113.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, in attention to the
question proposed through the channel of the executive by the Ayun-
tamiento of the town of Candela for complying with decree No. 90,
has thought proper to decree the following articles in explanation of
said decree.
Aet. 1. The assessment made in decree No. 90, shall be obligatory
only on all Coahuiltexians over eighteen years of age.
(249)