140
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Art. 2. Eaw rations received by hired servants shall not be computed
in the assessment.
Art. 3. The exception made by article 16 only means that sons
eighteen years of age, attached to families, and not included in the polls,
shall not be taken for vagrants, but the heads of families shall not for
that reason omit to compute them in the estimate they make of their in-
come.
Eor its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 22d of January, 1830.
[The same Signers.]
DECEEE No. 114.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree:
That the order of the 9th of August, 1827, being repealed, the towns
of San Erancisco and San Miguel de Aguago, proceed to establish their
Ayuntamiento in the town which the executive shall consider most suit-
able, proceeding with his report to trace out the limits of the new mu-
nicipality, giving notice thereof to congress for their information and
approval.
Eor its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 26th January, 1830.
[The same Signers.]
DECEEE No. 115.
Municipal Ordinances of the town of San Juan de Allende.
DECEEE No. 116.
Municipal Ordinances of the town of San Nicolas de Capellania.
DECEEE No. 117.
Municipal Ordinances of the town of Morelos.
DECEEE No. 118.
The Congress of the state of Coahuila and Texas, in view of the question
proposed by the executive on the fourth of September last; whether
the substitutes who fill the offices of magistrates and attorney general
of the tribunal of justice should necessarily possess the qualifications
required by article 200 of the constitution of the state, has thought
proper to decree as follows:
Art. 1. Should there be absolutely no counsellors possessing the
qualifications required by article 200 of the constitution, persons under
(250)