Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
141
twenty-five years of age, who possess the diploma or credential of having
been admitted as counsellors, may be appointed as substitutes to the of-
fices of magistrates and attorney general of the tribunal of justice.
Art. 2. Should there be absolutely no counsellors, the aforementioned
provisional stations may be filled by such citizens over twenty-five years
of age as in the opinion of congress, or of the executive, as the case may
be, after hearing the advice of the council, possess the skill required for
discharging said offices, conforming in their appointment to the provision
of decree No. 103.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 16th of February, 1830.
RAFAEL MANDOLA, President.
VICENTE VALDES, D. S.
JOSE MARIA BALMASEDA, D. S.
DECREE No. 119.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree:
Art. 1. Resignations of offices, which it belongs .to the congress of the
state to fill, shall be made before the same through the channel of the
executive.
Art. 2. During the recess of congress, the executive, of himself, may
admit the aforementioned resignations, appointing the provisional sub-
stitutes agreeably to the provision of article 3, of decree No. 103.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 19th February, 1830.
[The same Signers.]
DECREE No. 120.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree as follows:
Art. 1. The monthly notice which article 43 of Law No. 37 pre-
scribes, shall be given to the public by the executive, shall likewise in-
clude that of funds paid into, and paid out of the state treasury.
Art. 2. The intelligence on both subjects shall be taken agreeably
to the form annexed, that the abstrect, to be circulated agreeably to the
order of the 21st of August last, may be included in the respective
Gazette.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 19th February, 1830.
[The same Signers.]
(251)