Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
147
Art. 6. The markers and chain carriers shall be provided by the re-
spective grantees, whether of persons in their service, or others they
search for—and neither the commissioner, or the surveyor are author-
ized do employ those of their, retinue in these stations.
Art. 7. The chief of department of Bexar is hereby authorized, should
he observe any mismanagement on the part of any commissioner of sur-
veys, to suspend him immediately, forming the record, wherewith he shall
give notice to the executive for' the same to order his suspension should
he think it just, without affecting the judicial process he shall order to
be instituted against him.
Art. 8. Should any commissioner or surveyor be. guilty of abuse of
office he shall obtain no office of provision of the government, and fur-
thermore shall be subject to the penalties imposed by the law of the 24th
of March, 1813, on judges who proceed contrary to law.
Art. 9. The chief of department of Bexar, within his jurisdiction,
and under his responsibility, shall attend carefully to the fulfilment of
article 7, of this law, and also take care that the Ayuntamientos collect
the import of the lands transferred to native or naturalized citizens, or
to foreigners, indispensably on conclusion of the instalments, and remit
the same with the proper security, and their bill or account thereof, to
the office of the state rents which the executive shall direct.
Art. 10. Bor the fulfillment of the second part of the preceding arti-
cle, the executive shall forward to the aforementioned chief a copy of the
contracts he may have made with empresarios, and of the lands sold to
natives; he shall also forward him an account of the lands that are dis-
tributed in Austins’ colony; making a like transmission to the rest of the
Ayuntamientos of the state as regards their own municipalities, that they
may duly fulfill the 33rd article of the colonization law.
Art. 11. The executive shall cause the contracts, that are not carried
into effect in the time stipulated, to be published, that the respective
lands may be understood to have again become vacant, and open to col-
onization.
Art. 12. The citizens of Coahuila and Texas, who on the publication
of this law are settled in any town, frontier to the savage tribes, and have
a fixed residence of twenty-four, thirty-five and forty years, having sus-
tained the said towns with their arms, and their toils, shall be favored
with a concession of a part of the dues belonging to the state rents, for
a sitio and a labor in the following proportion: Those of twenty-four
years, shall pay one half; those of thirty-five, one third; and those of
forty shall be exonerated from the payment.
Art. 13. The lands acquired by virtue of the preceding article shall
be alienable, only after four years cultivation.
Art. 14. Should the individuals mentioned in article 12, have more
than a sitio and a labor to receive, they shall be subject to the provision
of the colonization law, observing the same for acquiring the lands, the
tax whereof is remitted in their favor.
17— VOL. 1.
( 257 )