148
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Art. 15. To obtain the favor mentioned in article 12, a certificate
from the Ayuntamiento shall be presented to the respective commis-
sioner, wherein the number of years the petitioner has been settled is
specified, and the services he has rendered; said document shall be writ-
ten without any other fees than the cost of the paper.
Art. 16. The commissioner shall forward the said certificates to the
executive for the proper determination or decree thereon; it being borne
in mind that this favor shall be accorded only to true merit.
Art. 17. The provisions of the five preceding articles shall be under-
stood as not being to the injury of the steps now taking in solicitation
of the grant of lands.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 1st of April, 1830.
[The same Signers.]
DECREE No. 129.
lhe Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, in view of the ob-
stacles that have arisen for strictly fulfilling the decree No. 92, has
thought proper to decree as follows:
Art. 1. Until the Lancastrian schools, mentioned in Decree No. 92,
can be established in the state, the executive shall cause six public pri-
mary schools to be established on the basis designated in said law, and
with the following modifications:
Art. 2. The six schools shall be distributed in the three departments,
the executive endeavoring to have them established in places, the most
central, and such as require this aid.
Art. 3. The pay of the teachers shall be five hundred dollars per
annum.
Art. 4. In said establishments the amount given by the pupils as
gratitude money shall be reduced to six dollars.
Art. 5. The Ayuntamientos of the towns wherein the schools are
established shall discharge the duties prescribed in said decree to the
Ayuntamientos of the department capitals.
Art. 6. The directors shall forward to the executive yearly, on the
month of November, a set of samples of all the pupils of their estab-
lishment, which shall serve for estimating their their progress; said speci-
mens shall be passed to congress, accompanying the report, with a note
expressing the state of the school with regard to education, and manifest-
ing the obstacles that impede its progress.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State , shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 13th of April, 1830.
[The same Signers.]
( 258 )