Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
149
DECEEE No. 130.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. The executive is hereby authorized to contract a loan of
three thousand dollars, at an annual interest of three per cent., with
power to increase it to five; but should a greater be asked, he shall consult
congress, and during the recess agree thereon with the permanent depu-
tation.
Art. 2. Said loan shall be used to succor persons attacked with the
small pox thoughout the state.
Art. 3. For the payment thereof the executive shall pledge the prod-
uct of the colonized lands, by special mortgage.
Art. 4. For said object twelve hundred dollars shall be assigned to the
department of Saltillo; one thousand to that of Monclova; and eight hun-
dred to that of Bexar.
Art. 5. The executive shall regulate the manner said succor shall
be ministered to the destitute classes in the state.
Art. 6. After the contagion ceases, the executive shall give notice
to congress of the persons assisted by virtue of this decree, and the
amount they have received, causing the whole to be published through
the press.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 13th April, 1830.
[The same Signers.]
DECEEE No. 131.
Municipal Ordinances of the town of San Pedro de Gigedo.
DECEEE No. 132.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. A receiver’s office of excise duties shall be established in the
hacienda de San Isidro de las Palomas.
Art. 2. The person who has the direction of said office, shall also
take charge of the branch cigar agency, stamped paper, and shall take
care that the other state rents in his respective limits are collected, and
that no smuggling is carried on in any department of said rents.
Art. 3. Said officer shall be appointed by the executive, who shall
require him to give bonds to the amount of two thousand dollars for the
faithful management of the stock and funds committed to his charge.
Art. 4. He shall be subject for the present to the chief agent of
the tobacco and excise departments of this capital in his respective de-
partments, and shall receive as a compensation for his services the same
per centage as the receivers and agents of branch cigar establishments.
( 259 )