152
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Abt. 8. Of the jurors chosen by the prisoner, objection shall not be
made to more than two, or after twenty-four hours from the time they
are chosen. The prisoner himself shall supply the place of those, to
whom legal objection is made, with the same number from those who
were not chosen.
Art. 9. After having official notice from the Alcalde who tries the
cause, the jurors shall meet within four days including that whereon
the notice is received, the meeting of the majority being sufficient for
the steps mentioned in the two following articles; and being presided by
the aforementioned authority, shall be separately sworn by the same,
according to the best of their knowledge and understanding, fully and
faithfully to fulfill the duties of their charge.
Art. 10. The person presiding, without having a' vote, shall then
proceed to, the appointment of a fiscal and a secretary, to be chosen from
among themselves by private enquiry.
Art. 11. The secretary shall execute all acts belonging to his station,
commencing by writing out the act of instalation, and by reading the
entire proceedings; and after being read they shall be delivered to the
fiscal which shall conclude the first session.
Art. 12. The fiscal shall form a recapitulation of the proceedings,
specifying the crime, grade thereof, name of the plaintiff, the evidence,
plenary or partial, for or against the accused, shewing the other par-
ticulars of the process, and expressing at the conclusion the opinion he
has formed, without designating any penalty.—The term allowed the
fiscal for fulfilling this duty shall not exceed eight days.
Art. 13. As soon as the fiscal has fulfilled the duties required in
the preceding article the jury shall meet again publicly, and open their
session by reading the proceedings and recapitulation thereof, made by
the fiscal, at which acts the prisoner and his counsel shall be present;
and the whole record shall be delivered to the latter to present his de-
fence within six days, including days of festival—upon which the jury,
convened on that day, shall make such exposition as occurs to the same;
and the prisoner and his counsel shall answer the questions they are
asked and both shall retire when the jury so determines by common
consent.
Art. 14. The president shall then direct the voters to proceed in the
discussion, causing the utmost order to be observed, and permitting each
one, who requests the privilege, to speak in his turn.
Art. 15. When the privilege of speaking is no longer requested, the
president shall cause the secretary to enquire whether the decision can
be taken. Determined in the negative the discussion shall proceed: The
question shall be asked in one or more instances, and the meeting shall
not be dissolved until, by unanimous consent, the answer is declared in
the affirmative.
Art. 16. Pursuant thereto, the jurors shall proceed to vote under
one of these two forms, to wit: The prisoner A. B., is not guilty, and
he is therefore by me acquitted. Signature. The prisoner A. B., is
(2G2)