154
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
DECEEE No. 138.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to prevent the notor-
iously serious injury and abuse now suffered by the most profitable
rent of the state, from the bad quality of the tobacco, and bad manner
it is manufactured, has thought proper to decree as follows:
Art. 1. The executive shall appoint two competent persons to examine
the tobacco in the leaf, received of the English contractors, which re-
quisite shall be indispensably observed in future, on the receipt of any
quantity of leaf tobacco.
Art. 2. The persons interested shall appoint two citizens, to join
those appointed by the executive, in making the examination mentioned
in the preceding article.
Art. 3. Should the tobacco result, on the aforementioned examina-
tion, not to be of the quality stipulated in the contract, it shall be de-
posited as the executive shall think proper, allowing the'shortest possible
period for removing it from the limits of the state; and should the re-
moval not be effected within the time prefixed, the tobacco shall be
burned.
Art. 4. The purchases of paper mentioned in article 27 of the regula-
tions for the cigar manufactory, at least so much as is required for the
operation of twisting, shall indispensably be of that made of linnen ma-
terial.
Art. 5. The executive shall give the manufacturer the strictest orders
to have the tobacco manufactured in the best possible manner, and shall
even make him responsible, should the tusks or bunches fall short in
weight.
Art. 6: On the supposition that, by national law, tobacco will continue
to be a monopoly, the executive shall enter into seasonable contracts
with the national executive, or with private individuals, so that there
always being tobacco on hand in the state, the agencies of that depart-
ment may be supplied therewith.
Art. 7. The executive shall dictate administratively whatever meas-
ures he shall deem proper to put an end to smuggling.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the citv of Leona Vicario on the 21st of April, 1830.
VICENTE VALDES, President.
MAEIANO GAECIA, D. S.
IGNACIO SENDEJOS, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and dulv
fulfilled.
Leona Vicario, October 1st, 1830.
EAFAEL EGA Y MUZQUIZ.
SANTIAGO del Valle, Secretary.
(264)