Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
155
DECEEE No. 139.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree:
Art. 1. License is hereby granted to Henry Doyle, a Catholic Clergy-
man, and native of Ireland, to establish a chapel in any part of the Irish
colonies he shall think proper
Art. 2. The aforementioned person may proceed to the construction
of the said chapel, also of a curates dwelling at the Mission of Refugio,
to minister spiritual succor to the colonists, who establish their residence
in that place, taking sufficient ground for a convenient portico, and one
half the value of both building shall remain for the benefit of the
state.
Eor its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 21st of April, 1830.
VICENTE VALDES, President.
MAEIANO GAECIA, D. S.
IGNACIO SENDUAS, D. S.
DECEEE No. 140.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, having taken into re-
flection the remarks made by the Ayuntamiento of the town of Villa
Longin, relative to the particulars, which form the substance of articles
138 and 139 of the financial regulations of the towns, has thought
proper to decree as follows:
Art. 1. No change shall be made in the possession holden by the
citizens by virtue of the distribution, to which the Ayuntamiento of
Villa Longin refers.
Art. 2. The individual possession, holden by the said citizens, of their
grazing tracts shall be valid, and persons not having shares shall pay a
rent, to be added to the municipal funds.
Art. 3. Every person not having a title shall be furnished there-
with by the Ayuntamiento without further cost than that of clerk and
paper.
Eor its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 21st of April, 1830.
[The same Signers.]
DECEEE No. 141.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, in view of the remarks
made by the general collector of the state rents, through the channel
of the executive on the 28th instant, has thought proper to decree the
following as additional articles to deeree No. 132.
ART. 1. The executive shall increase or diminish the amount of
bonds prescribed by article 3 of decree No. 132, for discharging the
(265)