Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
161
on their petition is founded being publicly known, has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. Ignacio Sendijas and Jose Maria Balmaseda, representatives,
are hereby declared to be comprised in article 4, of the plan of Xalapa.
Art. 2. Jose Maria Aragon and Rafael Manchola, are hereby excepted
from the preceding article.
Art. 3. Licentiate Manuel Carrillo is also hereby declared to be com-
prised in the aforementioned article 4.
Art. 4. This event or act shall be communicated, through the secre-
tary office of this congress, to the respective chamber of the national con-
gress, accompanied by a copy of the antecedents that have given rise
thereto.
Art. 5. The exposition of Gomer Arnaes shall be copied, and returned
to the executive, with assurance of the displeasure with which it has been
viewed.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 18th September, 1830.
God and Liberty.
RAMON GARCIA ROJAS, President.
MARIANO GARCIA, D. S.
VICENTE VALDES, D. S. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Leona Vicario, 1st October, 1830.
RAFAEL ECA Y MUZQUIZ.
Santiago del Valle, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. J
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhab-
itants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECREE No. 150.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree:
Art. 1. The village of Alamo may be called the town of San Jose de
Viesca y Bustamente.
Art. 2. The executive shall take care that the inhabitants of Bilbao be
reduced to the town of Alamo, and that the waters, of which the said in-
habitants obtained the fruition, be all united and turned to the new town,
to be distributed together with the lands agreeably to the provision of
decree No. 37, and others on the subject.
(271)