164
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
DECREE No. 154.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, as the third period
of ordinary session is about to close, and the committees are charged
with numerous and various subjects they must despatch previous to
the close of said term, decrees as follows:'
Congress shall hold extraordinary sessions every evening from the
27th to the 30th inst.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 25th September, 1830.
RAMON GARCIA ROJAS, D. President.
MARIANO GARCIA, D. S.
VICENTE VALDES, D. S. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Leona Vicario, 25th September, 1830.
JOSE MARIA VIESCA.
SANTIAGO del Valle, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. f
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhab-
itants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of .said state has decreed
as follows:
DECREE No. 155.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Abt. 1. The executive shall immediately provide from one hundred
to one hundred and fifty men, whether belonging to the civic militia
or not, from the districts of the state, for the general commandant, in
case he requests such aid for the expedition to Texas.
Art. 2. The executive shall take special care that, for the afore-
mentioned object, such persons be taken as are least required in pursuits
intimately connected with the wants of the community, and especially
such as are least required for supporting families, and are most pernicious
to society, preceding in this respect according to his judgment and dis-
cretion.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 28th September, 1830.
RAMON GARCIA ROJAS, D. President.
MARIANO GARCIA, D. S.
VICENTE VALDES, D. S. S.
(274 )