166
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the citv of Leona Vicario on the 30th September, 1830.
RAMON GARCIA ROJAS, President.
MARIANO GARCIA, D. S.
VICENTE VALDES, D. S.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. )
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhab-
itants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DEGREE No. 158.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, in attention to the
observations made by the executive on returning decree No. 138, de-
crees as follows:
Abt. 1. On the supposition that tobacco will continue to be a mo-
nopoly of the general government the executive shall enter into season-
able contracts with the said government, or with private individuals,
that the state not being destitute of tobacco, the agencies may be sup-
plied therewith.
Abt. 2. In the former case the provision hitherto made for receiving
tobacco of the general government, and for applying to the same to
make amends for tobacco' of a bad quality, shall be observed—in the
latter the executive shall appoint two competent persons to examine the
tobacco at the time it is received agreeably to what is furthermore pro-
vided in this decree.
Abt. 3. The other articles of decree No 138 continuing in force, the
second only shall be repealed.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 30th September, 1830.
RAMON GARCIA ROJAS, President.
MARIANO GARCIA, D. S.
VICENTE VALDES, D. S. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Leona Vicario, October 4th, 1830.
RAFAEL ECA Y MUZQUIZ.
Santiago del Valle, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila • and Texas. f
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhab-
itants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
( 276 )