Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
169
the former; and the portion of the aforementioned property, that on the
dissolution of the company corresponds to the latter, shall be restored
them in money, or other property of which they can make free use.
Abt. 19. It being the object of the company to encourage manu-
factures, arts and industry in general in the department of Monelova,
the said company shall be authorized to loan a portion of their capital
stock to mechanics and labourers; provided they shall never receive over
five per cent, rent per annum on the said loans.
Abt. 20. Absent shareholders may vote at the elections by proxy.
Abt. 21 The company shall continue for the term of thirty years
unless previously dissolved by unanimous consent of the shareholders.
Abt. 22. The company shall be exempt from excise duties, and every
other tax pertaining to the state for the term of twenty years, to com-
mence from the time the contractor shall put the establishment in
operation.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 30th September, 1830.
RAMON GARCIA ROJAS, President.
MARIANO GARCIA, D. S.
VICENTE VALDES, D. S. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Leona Vicario, 2nd October, 1830.
RAFAEL ECA Y MUZQUIZ.
Santiago del Valle, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. 5
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhab-
itants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECREE No. 161.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, having examined
the elections of governor, vice governor and councellors, made by the
electoral assemblies of the districts of Leona Vicario, Parras, Mon-
clova, Guerrero and Bexar on the sixth of September last, decrees as
follows:
Abt. 1. Licentiate Jose Maria Letona, having received the absolute
majority of votes, as investigated by congress according to law, is elected
governor of the state.
Abt. 8. Juan Martin de Veramendi is elected vice governor of the
state, by unanimous vote of congress.
Abt. 3. Rafael Gonzales, and Francisco Bernardino de la Pena, are
elected councillors, proper, in like manner.
( 279 )