Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
171
DECREE No. 164.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, considering the evils
experienced in the political and financial administration of the depart-
ment of Texas for the reason that the extensive territory thereof is
comprised in one sole district, and populated mostly by foreign colo-
nists, thinly settled therein; exercising the power conferred by article
8 of the constitution, decrees:
Art. 1. The department of Bexar shall be divided into two districts,
and the following shall be the dividing line—commencing at Bolivar
Point on Galveston Bay; thence running northwesterly to strike between
the San Jacinto and Trinity rivers, following the dividing ridge between
the said rivers to the head waters of San Jacinto; thence following the
■dividing ridge between the Brazos and Trinity to the head waters of
the latter, and terminating north of the source of the said Trinity upon
Red River.
Art. 2. The territory situated east of said line shall be called the
District of Nacogdoches, and the town of the same name shall be the
capital.
Art. 3. A district chief shall reside in said town, or at such place as
the executive shall think most proper, whose appointment, removal, at-
tributes, salary and office expenses shall be in the manner and form pro-
vided by the constitution and laws in force with respect to that class, of
officers.
Art. 4. The aforementioned department shall continue to be governed
agreeably to the provision of this decree, and such as was established
for that effect prior thereto.
Art. 5. On receipt of this decree, measures shall be taken for the
appointment of the district chief herein mentioned.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 31st of January, 1831.
JOSE CAYETANO RAMOS, President.
PEDRO de la FUENTE FERNANDEZ, D. S.
JOSE de JESUS GRANDE, D. S.
DECREE No. 165.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Letter of citizenship is hereby granted to Michael Muldoon, presbyter,
and native of Ireland.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 3rd February, 1831.
(281)