176
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Aet. 8. Of the twenty per cent, mentioned in article 5, eight per cent,
of what they respectively collect in their district shall be allowed to re-
ceivers.
Aet. 9. Articles 3,3 of the law of 34th of March 1825 shall remain in
for ce.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of- the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 31st of March, 1831.
JOSE M. de AGUIRRE, President.
JOSE J. GRANDE, D. S.
JOSE MARIA MIER, D. S.
DECREE No. 168.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Aet. 1. Individuals belonging to the national local militia, who agree-
ably to the ordinances of the Sth and 22nd of March, 1830, receive pay
out of the public rents of the state shall be subject to the penalties im-
posed by the general ordenances of the army for crimes committed in the
service”.
Aet. 3. The commandant of the standing force, through the channel
of his colonel, or the person acting in his place shall communicate the
corresponding official notice of the crime committed, to the executive,
that he may order the cause to be prosecuted should he deem proper.
Aet. 3. The chiefs and officers of the batallion to which the delin-
quent belongs shall be the persons who take cognizance in the prosecu-
tion of the cause, and in ordinary court martial they shall adjudge the
corresponding penalties, which shall not be carried into execution until
approved by the executive of the state.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 22nd of March, 1831.
[The same Signers.]
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. f
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhab-
itants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECREE No. 169.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
The two dollar tax laid on billiard tables without the capital shall
( 286 )