Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
177
cease from the publication of this decree, and only the four rial tax shall
continue.
[See article 4, of decree No. 2, of the 28th of July, 1827.]
. For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published and ■ circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 2nd of April, 1831.
JOSE J. GRANDE, President.
JOSE MARIA de MIER, D. S.
JOSE 1. CANALES, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Leona Vicario, 5th April, 1831.
JOSE MARIA de LETONA.
SANTIAGO del Valle, Secretary.
DECREE No. 170.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Abt. 1. The town of Villa Longin, which by its local situation is now
■entirely united to the capital of the state, shall constitute in connexion
with the latter one sole town, to be called the city of Saltillo, and decree
No. 29 of November 5th, 1827, is hereby repealed.
Abt. 2. On the last day of December of the current year the Ayunta-
miento of the town of Villa Longin shall cease to exercise its functions,
and that of the capital shall extend its jurisdiction to the whole munici-
pal district of said town.
Abt. 3. The- archives, building, and other public property destined to
purposes, the cost whereof is necessarily defrayed by the municipal funds,
■shall pass to the sole cgrporation or Ayuntamiento that shall remain.
Abt. 4. Decree No. 140 of the 21st of April last is hereby re-
pealed.
Abt. 5. For this time only, and by joint consent, the present Ayunta-
miento of Leona Vicario, and that of Villa Longin shall appoint the
public places where the municipal meetings, for electing the Ayunta-
miento for 1832, shall be holden.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 2nd April, 1831.
JOSE de J. GRANDE, President.
JOSE M. MIER, D. S.
JOSE I. CANALES, D. S.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. j
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhab-
itants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
( 287 )