Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
181
DEGREE No. 176.
The Congress of. the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. Raw cotton, large and small stock, and horse kind shall be
free from all taxes for the term of six years.
Art. 2. Sugar plantations, vine-yards and all the products thereof
shall have the same privilege for the term of twelve years.
Art. 3. The privilege of exemption from taxes, accorded in article
1st shall be granted only to cultivators and stock raisers belonging to the
department of Monclova and Bexar.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 28th of April, 1831.
JOSE JESUS GRANDE, President.
JOSE MARIA de MIER, D. S.
JOSE IGNACIO CANALES, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Leona Vicario, 29th April, 1831.
JOSE MARIA de LETONA.
Santiago del Valle, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. §
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhab-
itants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECREE No. 177.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. The executive is hereby authorized to alienate the lands that
pertained to the extinguished Missions, conforming in so doing to the
colonization law of the 24th of March, 1825.
Art. 2. The town property or securities, that pertained to said Mis-
sions. shall be sold at public auction according to law.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 29th of April, 1831.
MANUEL MUZQUIZ, Vice President.
JOSE IGNACIO CANALES, D. S.
FRANCISCO de S. ARREOLA, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Leona Vicario, 2nd of May, 1831.
JOSE MARIA de LETONA.
Santiago del Valle, Secretary.
(291)