Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
185
DECREE No. 183.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Abt. 1. Persons not born within the territory of the republic of
Mexico are hereby prohibited from retailing national and foreign effects,
and shall be permitted to sell only by half or entire mule loads.
Abt. 2. Spaniards not comprised in the general law of exile, of the
20th of March, 1829, and those excepted by the general congress since
the enacment of said law, shall be excepted from the foregoing article.
Abt. 3. Eight days from the publication thereof, this law shall have
its full effect with respect to those mentioned in article 1st, now en-
gaged in retailing goods in the state.
Abt. 4. No Mexican or Spaniard, comprised in article 2nd, shall re-
tail the effects of any foreigner or foreigners within the state, whether
on commission, in company or under any other pretext, unless he proves
to the Alcaldes of the place, by a proper writing, that he has acquired
full control and ownership in the said goods.
Abt. 5. For infringements of this law the power to institute a judicial
process shall be common to the people. The Alcaldes of themselves, or
solicited by any other person, shall proceed against the transgressors.
Art. 6. The penalty imposed upon offenders shall be from one
to two years destination to a fortress, and the confiscation of their goods;
and after deducting the costs of court, one half the value of said effects
shall go to reward the informers and captors, and the other shall be add-
ed to the public treasury.
Art. 7. In the colonies of the department of Texas, also throughout
the state, foreign colonists may sell the effects produced by their own
art or industry at wholesale and retail.
Art. 8. Foreigners who settle in the state and follow therein any use-
ful trade or industrious pursuit, may sell the effects, to which this law
gives rise, at wholesale and retail.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the citv of Leona Vicario on the 9th April, 1832.
JOSE MARIA de AGUIRRE, President,
FRANCISCO S. de ARREOLA, D. S.
CESARIO FIGUEROA. D. S.
DECREE No. 184.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, has thought proper
to decree:
Three years additional term is hereby conceded to Santiago Power,
( 295 )