Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
191
cultivated one-eighth of the land, and the same shall be observed with
respect to the tillage laad not irrigable mentioned in the preceding article.
Art. 16. No change shall be made with respect to the contracts which
the executive has ratified, or the concessions stipulated to purchasers or
settlers by virtue of decree No. 16, of the ,24th of March 1825; but the
executive shall take care that, within eighteen months from the publica-
tion of this law, the purchasers enter in possession of the land which he
has granted them. Those who shall hereafter ratify new contracts, or ac-
quire new concessions by purchase, shall be required, the former to have
introduced one-sixth of the families contracted within eighteen months
from the ratification of the contract, and the latter to enter in possession
of the land acquired, within the same term; under penalty of forfeiture
for the non-fulfilment thereof.
Art. 17. All new towns shall be free from taxes of whatever denomi-
nation for the term of ten years, reckoned from the time they are found-
ed, with the exception of those that may be generally levied to prevent
or repel foreign invasion.
Art. 18. Families that remove to any of the new towns to settle there-
in, shall always be permitted to do so, and in consideration thereof shall
be entitled to the privileges granted to new settlers by this law, for which
purpose they shall appear before the commissioner, and in his default,
the respective political authority, that the subject may be communicated
to the executive, and their corresponding concession accorded.
Art. 19. No new settler, Mexican or foreigner, shall under any title
or pretence sell or alienate the land or water that falls to his share, until
after six years from the time of taldng possession.
Art. 20. Mexicans or foreigners who undertake to colonize with for-
eign families, whose introduction is not prohibited by the general law
of the 6th of April, 1830, shall be entitled to the privileges granted by
article 6th of the present law.
Art. 21. The distribution of lands and waters to the foreign families
mentioned in articles 18 and 20, shall be made agreeably to article 8,
should they possess the merit required by this law, and they shall pay
the state for the same one-third less than the price specified in article
14, and in the following manner—one-half the amount in two, and the
remainder in six years from the time of taking possession.
Art. 22. To the families mentioned in the preceding article, should
they possess the number of head of large and small stock, required in the
second part of article 8, half a sitio of grazing land shall be granted.
Art. 23. The Ayuntamiento, each in its own limits, shall collect the
aforesaid funds gratis, by a committee apointed from within or without
their own body, and remit them as fast as collected to the depository or
treasurer of their funds and means, who shall give the corresponding
receipt for no other compensation than two and a-half per cent., which
is all that shall be paid him, and who shall hold the said funds at the
disposal of the executive, giving an account monthly of the amounts
received and remitted, and of any negligence- or fraud he observes in
(301 )