192
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
their collection. For the management of the treasurer and committee,
these officers themselves, and furthermore the individuals of the Ayunta-
miento that shall appoint them shall be held responsible with their prop-
erty: and that this responsibility may always be effectual the said appoint-
ments shall be made viva voce, and notice, thereof shall immediately be
given to the executive.
Art. 24. Foreigners, to be admitted as new settlers, shall furnish
adequate proof to the commissioner, and under his responsibility, of their
Christianity and good moral character: these indispensible requisites shall
be made to appear in the manuscript mentioned in article 9, of the in-
structions of the fourth of September 1827.
Art. 25. The executive shall take care that, within twenty border
leagues fronting upon the United States line, and ten littoral leagues
upon the coast of the Gulf of Mexico, no settlements are made that
are not composed of two-thirds Mexicans, previously obtaining by re-
quest the approval of the national executive, to whom he shall forward
all petitions made on the subject, accompanied by his report, whether
the empresarios are Mexicans or foreigners.
Art. 26. In the distribution of lands native Mexicans shall be pre-
ferred to foreigners, and no other distinction shall be made between the
former than such as is founded in their special merit and services ren-
dered the country, or in equal circumstances, a residence in the place
where the lands are situated.
Art. 27. The Indians of all nations bordering on the state, as well as
the wandering tribes within the same, shall be admitted in market ex-
empt from all duties in their traffic in the effects of the country; and
should any of the same being attracted in this manner, and by the mild-
ness and confidence' with which they shall otherwise be treated, wish to
establish themselves in any of the settlements, after declaring themselves,
in favor of our institutions and religion, they shall be admitted, and
share the same quantity of land as
the other settlers mentioned in this-.
law, native Indians to be distinguished as
Mexicans, and border Indians
as foreigners, and the former shall not be required to furnish any
stock.
Art. 28. That no vacancies be left between the tracts, which shall be
carefully avoided in the distribution of lands, they shall be distributed
in squares or other forms, although irregular should the locality so re-
quire, and to prevent litigation and dispute, in making the distribution
aforesaid, as well as in the designation of sites, whereon new towns are
to be founded, the adjoing proprietors, should there be any, shall be
previously notified.
Art. 29. The survey of vacant lands that shall be made upon the
borders of any river, running rivulet or creek, or lake, shall not
exceed one fourth of the depth of the land granted, should the land
permit.
Art. 30. Should any appropriated land be taken possession of
through error in the concession, on proof thereof an equal quantity of
( 302 )