194
Laivs and Decrees of Goahu,ila and Texas.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Leona Vicario, 2nd May, 1832.
JOSE MARIA de LETONA.
Santiago del Valle, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. 5
The Governor of the state of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhab-
itants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
Art. 1. A bureau of accounts, wherein those of all the public funds
of the state are to be explained, shall be established in the office of sec-
retary of state, to be continued during the suspension of the council, ac-
corded by decree No. 59.
Art. 2. Said department shall consist of an officer, to be called officer
of the bureau of accounts, and a clerk; the former shall receive one thou-
sand, and the latter four hundred dollars salary per annum.
Art. 3. Both the officer and clerk shall be appointed by the executive,
removable at his pleasure, and shall in all cases be responsible for the acts
relating to their functions.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 27th April, 1832.
JOSE J. GRANDE, President.
M. MUZQUIZ, D. S.
C. FIGUEROA, D. S. ad interim.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
That the foregoing decree may have the full effect which the honora-
ble congress intended, I have thought proper (exercising the power con-
ferred upon me by article B,) to prefix the term of forty days, from date,
for filling the stations pertaining to the bureau of accounts newly cre-
ated in the office of secretary of state, for those citizens who consider
themselves duly qualified for said stations to manifest in writing, within
said term, the services they have rendered the country, and their
qualifications, with such documents as they deem sufficient for that ob-
ject.
Leona Vicario, 27th of April, 1832.
JOSE MARIA de LETONA.
Santiago del Valle, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. (
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhabi-
tants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
(304)