202
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Art. 2. Pursuant thereto the state of Coahuila and Texas shall obey
all orders and decrees by him issued as legitimate president within the
sphere of his constitutional powers.
Art. 3. The state shall not- support any convention that is now, or
shall be hereafter established, tending directly or indirectly to attack the
federal form of government and the state sovereignty.
Abt. 4. The state, legally represented by its present legislature, sol-
emnly protests, against any violation in respect to the acts of the internal
administration and government thereof.
Art. 5. The executive of the state, in the internal relations thereof,
shall proceed in conformity to this decree, and shall dictate all the meas-
ures in the compass of his powers in support of the same.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 6th January, 1833.
[The same Signers.]
DECREE No. 206.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree:
Art. 1. The state of Coahuila and Texas recognizes as the will of the
nation, only that which shall be freeyl manifested through the legitimate
organ of the state legislatures.
Art. 2. Whatever measure of pacification shall be approved by the
absolute majority of these sovereign bodies, the same shall be supported
by the legislature of this state, which although it should be of a con-
trary opinion, in such an event shall sacrifice it in behalf of the public
interest.
For its. fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 6th January, 1833.
[The same Signers.]
Executive Department of the State of 2
Coahuila and Texas. )
The Vice Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the in-
habitants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECREE No. 207.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree:
The collection of the two per cent. on foreign goods mentioned in the
general law of the 22nd of August 1829, shall be made in the man-
312)