haws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
203
ner provided by the law of the 14th of March 1828, for collecting the
three per cent, levied on said goods by decree of the 22nd of December
1824.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given at the city of Leona Vicario on the 15th January, 1833.
[The same Signers:]
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Leona Vicario, 15th January. 1833.
JUAN M. de VERAMENDI.
Santiago del Valle, Secretary.
DECBEE No. 208.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree:
When the vice governor officiates on account of lasting imposibility
‘ or the death of the governor, he shall receive, from the time he enters in
possession of office, the entire salary assigned the latter.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 23rd of January, 1833.
[The same Signers.]
DECREE No. 209.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree:
Art. 1. The two per cent. levied as a state rent, on the 31st of July
1827, upon the exportation of coin, shall be exacted only on taking it
from any town to be carried without the limits of the state.
Art. 2. In the same manner silver in bullion, shall pay a tax of three
per cent, at the place from which it is first taken, and the corresponding
paper, shewing said payment, being taken along, the collection shall not
be repeated at any other place.
Art. 3. Officers charged with the collection, with the concurrence of
the treasury judge, may allow to merchants and dealers from twenty-five
to three hundred dollars for travelling expenses, and without exacting
any tax, shall give them the corresponding permit for such prudential
amount as they judge proper to allow them.
Art. 4. A separate account of the parcels collected corresponding to
this tax shall be kept in the offices of the collectors, which shall be signed
by those who pay, the officer, and first or sole Alcalde.
Art. 5. The collectors shall receive an emolument of ten per cent.,
out of which they shall allow seven to their subordinates, and after cor-
responding proof, both shall be allowed the amount expended for books,
paper, and postage.
(313)