204
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Art. 6. Silver in bullion and coin, seized without a permit, shall incur
the penalty of confiscation.
Art. 7. Officers, who violate their duty in the collection of the tax
mentioned in this decree, shall pay triple, and furthermore make no col-
lection in behalf of the state, unless expressly reinstated by congress.
Art. 8. Decrees No. 3, 6 and 79 of the 31st of July, and 21st of Au-
gust, 1827, and 26th of February, 1829, are hereby repealed.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 25th January, 1833.
[The same Signers.]
DECEEE No. 210.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree:
Art. 1. Decrees No. 108, 110 and 113, are hereby repealed.
Art. 2. Decree No. 147, in the part wherein No. 88 was repealed, shall
continue in force.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 29th January, 1833.
J. F. MADEEO, President.
J. M. de UEANGA, D. S.
J. M. del MORAL, D. S.
DECEEE No. 211.
Taking into view the following ground: First,—That by decree of the
6th inst., this legislature offered to sacrifice its opinion in behalf of the
public interest, and support any measure of pacification which the ma-
jority of the legislatures of the several states might adopt. Second,—
Until the present, no certain information on that subject has been re-
ceived. Third,—There are sufficient data for believing that the plan
of Zavaleta, in the principal part thereof,—the election of the mem-
bers of the general government—has been adopted. Fourth,—Said
election is of the greatest importance to avoid being without a na-
tional government on the first of April next, and to prevent the repe-
tition of disasters which have terminated favorably for the present.
Fifth,—This legislature has made known to the president that it would
not contribute to so great an evil by omitting to hold the aforesaid elec-
tion. Sixth,—Such an event would only interrupt the order of the
constitution which the state has maintained until the present, and far
from effecting any good, would occasion incalculable evils. Seventh,
—No reasonable objection can be made against the elections made
(314)