206
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Art. 4. All petitions contrary to the constitution, or rights guaranteed,
the citizens therein, shall likewise be rejected. Petitions for the repeal
or legal reform of any one or more of the existing laws shall not be under-
stood as contrary to the constitution.
Art. 5. No petition, although just, if' made by armed persons, or with
tumult and riot, or in any other way shewing a disposition to extort the'
resolution desired, shall receive attention.
Art. 6. Any measures obtained by any of the means prohibited in
the preceding article shall be null, and after order is restored, shall no
longer continue, and should any injury result to society, or to private in-
dividuals therefrom. redress may always be exacted of those who extorted
the measure, who alone shall be responsible with their persons and their
property.
Art. 7. The public treasury shall be indemnified in the same manner
and by the same persons, for any expense incurred in the restoration of
order, interrupted under pretence of exercising the right of petition.
Art. 8. Tumultuous and hostile meetings are a grave offence against
the public tranquility, and the authors and doers are seditous persons.
Art. 9. In the event of any tumultuous and hostile meeting, the au-
thors whereof are not immediately discovered, the proper authority shall
select from among the disturbers of order three-persons, whom, from their
standing, wealth or other considerations said authority shall think most
suitable, in order that, undergoing a trial sumario, reduced solely to
identifying the persons, and proving that they were among those particu-
larly noticed, the corporal punishment prescribed by law for the crime
of sedition, be inflicted upon them, besides exacting the responsibility
they may have incurred agreeably to this decree. .
Art. 10. The provision of the foregoing article shall not screen the
authors of tumultuous and hostile meetings, or leaders of riot, who shall
be tried as such.
Art. 11. Officers charged directly with the preservation of public or-
der, shall be personally responsible for the strict fulfilment of this law;
and should they be proved to be accomplices in any of the cases herein
mentioned, they shall be tried as the principal leaders thereof.
Art. 12. The laws imposing pain of death on seditious persons, and
all those regulating the manner of proceding in case of riot or tumult,
so far as they are not opposed to the present law are hereby re-estab-
lished.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Leona Vicario on the 1st of March, 1833.
J. M. VIBSCA, President.
J. M. de URANGA, D. S.
M. BORREGO, D. S.
(316)