Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
209
ART. 3. Should any sums have entered the public treasury in conse-
quence of the actions specified in the preceding article, said sums shall
be returned to the persons interested, and should they have incurred
corporal punishment, they shall likewise be acquitted.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
Given in the city of Monelova on the 3d April, 1833.
D. ELISONDO, President.
M. BORREGO, D. S.
J. F. LOMBRANA, D. S.
DECREE No. 218.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
. to decree:
Abt. 1. Exclusive privilege is hereby granted to Francisco Madero, for
the term of eighteen years, to introduce vessels propelled by steam or
horse power, sails or oars, upon the river Trinity, provided, that he shall
render said river navigable at his own expense.
Abt. 2. Said privilege shall commence from the time of the publica-
tion of this law.
Abt. 3. During said term of eighteen years no private tax, such as the
state may levy on vessels propelled by steam or horse power, sails or oars,
shall be imposed on the vessels of the aforesaid empresario, who for said
term shall be subject only to those that are now, or shall be hereafter
established by the general laws on all vessesls arriving in the ports of the
republic.
Abt. 4. The undertaker, to whom the aforesaid privilege is granted,
may transfer the same to another person, or in part, giving notice thereof
to the executive of the state; provided, that the persons to whom the
transfer is made do not belong to a nation at war with the republic of
Mexico.
Abt. 5. Should the aforesaid .undertaker, or the persons acting in his
stead, not fulfil his engagement to commence the navigation of the afore-
mentioned river in the term of three years, reckoned from the publica-
tion of this decree, they shall forfeit the rights herein conferred.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
DECREE No. 219.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
The words, for the present, in article 1, of the law of March the 10th
instant, designating the city of Monclova as the capital of the state, shall
be omitted.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
(319)