Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
211
DECEEE No. 224.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. N. Moral and A. Gutierrez, for reasons they have manifested,
are hereby declared unable to serve as councillors.
Art. 2. A. F. Eamos, presbyter, and F. Vidauri y Villasenor, are here-
by declared councillors proper, constitutionally chosen by congress, to
serve during the term that is to expire on the first of March, 1835.
Art. 3. Licentiate J. Gonzales is hereby declared substitute councillor,
elected in like manner, and for the same term.
Art. 4. P. J. de la Garza is hereby declared substitute councillor,
chosen in like manner, to serve during the four years term, that com-
menced on the first of March last.
Art. 5. Should it not be possible for the body of council to be in-
stalled by the first of May, the executive shall accomplish it as early as
possible, meanwhile consulting with the substitute most disencumbered.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
DECREE No. 225.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. The chief agent of excise at Parras shall receive a compensa-
tion of fifteen per cent, on the proceeds of that revenue.
Art. 2. To receivers belonging to his agency said collector shall allow
ten per cent, on the income of their receiving offices, and shall himself
he entitled to the five remaining.
Art. 3. Only to the collector two hundred dollars shall be allowed for
paying a clerk, who shall officiate provisionally as surveyor at the custom
house.
Art. 4. The governor is hereby authorized to furnish the agency at
Parras and those at other places with such number of custom house offi-
cers, mounted or not, as he shall deem necessary, the former to receive a
monthly compensation of from twenty to thirty-five, and the latter from
ten to fifteen dollars.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
DECEEE No. 226.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree:
Decree No. 184, prolonging the term in favour of the empresarios
Power and Hewitson, is contrary to article 9 of the general coloniza-
21—VOL. 1.
( 321 ) .