214
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Art. 8. Should the person liable for emphyteutic revenue, let two
years pass in succession without paying, he shall forfeit his right, it being
shown him that payment was. demanded.
Art. 9. Should the aforesaid person tranfer the property, he shall pay
one per cent, upon the value' thereof to the person, in whose favour the
annuity was imposed.
Art. 10. Should the person assuming the payment of the revenue
wish to purchase the security he received within the first ten years, he
may do so, deducting one third the value thereof, and giving notice to
the executive that he may order and take care that the capital be imme-
diately let out at a rent of at least five per cent, per annum.
Art. 11. Should said, person purchase agreeably to the preceding ar-
ticle, he shall be allowed to pay in instalments of an amount not less
than orfe-third of the entire amount he is to pay.
Art. 13. In case of sales the excise duty shall be paid the state ac-
cording to law.
Art. 13. The bonds of all these contracts shall be stipulated in favor
of the municipal funds, and the Ayuntamientos shall take special care
that the annuities are punctually collected, and the proceeds paid into
their treasury.
Art. 14. Securities left, from there being no one to receive them on.
the aforementioned terms, commercial buildings, and mills mentioned in
article 3, and waters in article 3, shall be let to the. person who makes
the best offer, giving seasonable public notice thereof, and observing as
far as possible all the formalities and requisites observed and practiced
in letting the tythes. The Ayuntamientos shall have the management of
said property only in the event of their being no bidders.
Art. 15. Capital let on redeemable rent, and pertaining to the munici-
pal f unds shall continue without variation. Rent due and not paid on
publication of this law, should it be the desire of the persons responsible,
shall become capital, the new contract being adequately secured. Capi-
tal and revenue imposed on vacant property hereinafter specified, shall
be excepted from the aforesaid arrangement.
Art. 16. Debts there shall be in money in favor of the funds of the
towns and capital that shall be totally or partially redeemed, shall be
placed at a revenue of five per cent, per annum, with the necessary bonds
and security.
Art. 17. Images, ornaments and other utensils, used particularly in
religious worship, pertaining to the confraternities, and composing a part
of the municipal funds, shall be delivered to the churches wherein they
originated, with a formal inventory, to be signed by the parish curate.
Art. 18. Casks of wine vaults, and other chattels, pertaining to prop-
erty under management of the Ayvntamiento of Parras, shall be sold at
public auction, and the proceeds placed at rent in the manner provided
in article 16.
(324)