Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
215
Art. 19. The valuations, bonds, obligations and leases mentioned in
this law, shall be executed to the satisfaction of the respective district
chief.
Art. 20. No person shall be lessee or manager of property pertaining
to the municipal funds without giving adequate bonds and security for
his responsibility, or pledging property of his own -sufficient to secure,
on the part of the latter, the amount yielded in two years by the prop-
erty under his direction.
Art. 21. Persons belonging to Ayuntamientos are and. have been pro-
hibited by law from being lessees or managers of municipal property.
Contracts of this kind that have been made are therefore null, and shall
cease to have any effect on publication of this law.
Art. 22. In all capital towns of districts, whose funds are sufficient
for that purpose primary schools shall be established within six months
at furthest, wherein besides the objects specified in article 215 of the
constitution, the elements of geography shall be taught, and lessons
given, moral-and political, and on good breeding. With this object the
Ayuntamientos, with the concurrence of the district chief shall designate
a building as large as can be obtained for purposes of instruction and
the residence of the teacher.
Art. 23. The executive shall take care that said schools be established
in the other towns as early as possible, and in the manner found to be
practicable.
Art. 21. Besides the private revenue there may have been established
for the support thereof, one half the annual product of the municipal
funds of the respective towns until said product reaches to two thousand
dollars shall be appropriated to the same object.
Art. 25. By article 15 of the constitution all kinds of vacant property
belong to the state; and whatever country and town securities have been
kept in a state of sequestration and deposite over thirty years, and still
so continue without being known to have a determinate owner, the same .
are hereby declared to be vacant property.
Art. 26. Said property shall be alienated agreeably to the rules and
conditions prescribed by this law. The revenue they yield shall be col-
lected annually by the chief agents of rents, of the towns within whose
jurisdiction the property is situated, and appropriated to the support of
schools, tvhose funds agreeably to article 22, are- not sufficient for that
object.
Art. 27. The bonds of these contracts shall be stipulated in favour
of the state, which reserves to itself the immediate control of vacant
property so long as it is not sold in conformity to articles 10 and 11.
Art. 28. The peremptory term of three months, not to be prolonged,
is hereby granted for hearing the claims, which any person interested in
property declared to be vacant from being found as represented in article
25, shall wish to offer.
Art. 29. Should any right be legally proved on having the steps
within the term specified, the corresponding tribunal shall so de-
( 325 )