216
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
dare in respect to the capital only, and in no case, to the revenue or
interest it has produced during the time of deposite.
Abt. 30. Said declaration shall be made within another two months
term reckoned from the time the claim was presented, during which
term the person interested shall produce the proofs going to establish
his object, since at the expiration thereof the declaration shall be made,
and no further recourse shall be admitted.
Abt. 31. No incident of this kind shall impede the alienation provided
in article 26, since should the right alledged pertain to the funds of any
town, the proportional part of the rent shall be awarded to the school
thereof; should it pertain to any other corporation unwilling to resign
it in favor of this beneficent object, said corporation shall receive an-
nually its corresponding portion thereof; and should it pertain to any
private individual, he shall be indemnified out of the public funds of
the state.
Abt. 32. In all departments and district capitals juntas shall be
created, to be styled Juntas for the support of public education.
ART. 33. Said juntas shall be composed of the respective police chief,
who shall be president thereof, of the parish curate, and one of the resi-
dent citizens of the place, whom, on nomination of said junta, the execu-
tive shall appoint every year, and whom, for the first time, he shall ap-
point of his own judgment.
ART. 34. All that concerns the education of youth, within the pre-
cincts of the district, shall be under charge of said juntas, and for at-
tending to their object in towns where they do not reside, the alcaldes
and curates of said towns shall correspond with them as associates.
Abt. 35. In pursuance thereof, they shall take special care that the
funds destined to the support of schools be used expressly for that
object, and that they be not separated therefrom from any cause what-
ever; they shall also use their efforts to have parents send their children
to school.
Abt. 36. They shall provide the schools under their inspection with
useful teachers, and well qualified, whose conduct as regards the faithful
discharge of their duties they shall carefully observe, taking strict care
they do not render useless by their example the lessons it is their duty
to give on morality and good breeding.
Abt. 37. They shall determine on those who, on account of being poor,
ought to be assisted with the necessary books and paper; and of those
who manifestly can conveniently pay, they shall collect the value thereof,
also a moderate tax not exceeding twelve dollars per annum, which what-
ever it is shall be paid into the school funds.
Abt. 38. They shall propose means to the executive for augmenting
said funds, which shall serve to multiply the different branches of educa-
tion: and they shall have charge of the direction and financial adminis-
tration of the schools for public education.
Abt. 39. The provisions and measures of said juntas shall be promptly
and efficiently supported by the Ayuntamientos under the most strict re-
sponsibility.
(326)