Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
217
Abt. 40. Violations of this law, culpable omission on the part of func-
tionaries entrusted with its fulfillment, and abuse that is made of the
same, shall be public matter of complaint. Therefore every citizen may
tender accusation, and demand justice therefor, before the proper au-
thority.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
DIONICIO ELIZONDO, President.
MAECIAL BOEEEGO, D. S.
JUAN F. de LOMBRANA, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Monclova 27th of April 1833.
J. M. de VERAMENDI.
Santiago del Valle, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. 5
The Vice Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhab-
tants thereof: Be it known that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECEEE No. 230.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. The executive is hereby authorized to solicit empresarios to
provide tanks or draw-wells upon the road leading to Chihuahua, by way
of El Bolson (de Mapimi) in the part belonging to the state.
Art. 2. Tanks or draw-wells shall be. made at the places called el
Cuervo, Javalines, Palo .bianco, and Puerto de San Jose.
Abt. 3. From one to six sitios of land, in the aforementioned places
shall be given to the undertakers gratis for each tank or draw-well they
make in said places, and the works shall remain at their expense.
Art. 4. Should any of the places specified consist of private property,
the executive shall allow the owner a reasonable and peremptory term to
supply it with water, and should he not comply, it shall be understood
that he has declined, and he shall receive in return an equal quantity of
land, of the vacant land of this department.
For its fulfilment, the Vice Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
DIONICIO ELIZONDO, President.
MAECIAL BOEEEGO, D. S.
JUAN F. de LOMBRANA, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given in the city of Monclova on the 2nd of May, 1833.
J. M. de VERAMENDI.
Santiago del Valle, Secretary.
(327 )