Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
219
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given at the citv of Monclova on the 30th of April, 1833.
J. M. de VERAMENDI.
SANTIAGO del VALLE, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. (
The Vice Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhab-
itants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECREE No. 233.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. When the first or second hall of the supreme tribunal of justice
becomes vacant from licence, the minister who forms the hall might ob-
tain, the duties belonging to that functionary shall be discharged by the
minister of the third.
Art. 2. The foregoing provision shall not impede the minister by sub-
stitution from having cognizance in appeals of nulity, and others in his
province, not having intervened therein. In the contrary event, he shall
be considered impeded, and provision shall be made according to law.
Abt. 3. Licence shall not be granted to two ministers at a time, nor
longer than three months. When, for weighty and manifest reasons, it
should be required for a longer time, or for leaving the limits of the state,
it shall be obtained by application to congress, and during the recess
thereof, to the standing deputation.
Art. 4. Should the minister to whom the license is granted be of the
third hall, a substitute shall not be put in his place during the time of
the licence, and only in the improbable event of the occurrence of any-ap-
peal, of those within his provice, shall the respective substitute be ap-
pointed.
Art. 5. Should the tribunal have to unite during this limited period,
it shall be effected by the two ministers and the attorney general, (fiscal)
who shall have a vote.
For its fulfilment, the Vice Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
. DIONICIO ELIZONDO, President.
MARCIAL BORREGO, D. S.
JUAN F. de LOMBRANA, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given at the citv of Monclova on the 4th of Mav, 1833.
J. M. de VERAMENDI.
Santiago del Valle, Secretary.
( 329 )