Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
225
Art. 2. Said power is hereby understood as ample, and under no other
restriction than that of respecting the federal republican form of gov-
ernment, and state sovereignties.
For its fulfilment, the Vice Governor of the State, shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
DIONICIO ELIZONDO, President.
MAECIAL BOEREGO, D. S.
JUAN F. de LOMBEANA, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given in the city of Monclova on the 4th of May 1833.
J. M. de VEEAMENDI.
Santiago DRL Valle, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. 5
The Vice Governor of the state of Coahuila and Texas, to all the in-
habitants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has de-
creed as follows:
DECEEE No. 243.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. Article 150 of the constitution does not prohibit the- political
chief of Nacogdoches from being an inhabitant and resident of any other
place in the department of Bexar (with which it formed a sole district)
until there are persons, in that newly created, who can perform the duties
of that station.
Art. 2. While the political chief of Nacogdoches is domiciliated in
the district of Bexar, he shall receive a salary of eight hundred dollars
per annum.
Art. 3. The dividing line mentioned in article 1, of decree No. 164
shall commence at the expanse of water formed by the Trinity and San
Jacinto rivers, and continue along the margin of the latter to the head-
waters thereof, thence following the line of Austin’s colony, and by way
of the dividing ridge that separates the Brazos and Trinity rivers, to
the head waters of the latter, terminating north of the source of said
river, upon Bed river.
For its fulfilment, the Vice Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published. and circulated.
DIONICIO ELIZONDO, President.
MARCIAL BOEREGO, D. S.
JUAN.F. de LOMBRANA, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given at the citv of Monclova on the 6th of May, 1833.
J. M. de VEEAMENDI.
Santiago del Valle, Secretary.
( 335 )