232
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. f
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhabi-
tants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECREE No. 256.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
The word y Bustamante, in article 1, of the decree of the 21st of
September, 1830, shall be omitted.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
MARCIAL BORREGO, President.
R. de la FUENTE, D. S.
JOSE Y. C. FALCON, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given in the city of Monelova, on the 17th of February, 1834.
F. V. y VILLASENOR.
Jose M. Falcon, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. §
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhabi-
tants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECREE No. 257.
Abt. 1. All municipal securities (fincas) and property of every kind,
situated within the limits of the state, and pertaining to what is called
el Concurso de Aguayo, from and after the publication of this law shall
remain for account of the state, which hereby binds itself responsible
for the present value thereof.
Abt. 2. For that object the executive shall order an inventory and
a valuation to be made, of all that exists, citing the superintendent, or
general attorney, or person acting in their stead, and making substitu-
tion of persons, should difficulties be raised, in any lawful way that shall
not retard the fulfilment of this decree a longer time than in his judg-
ment shall be indispensable.
Abt. 3. From the total import the following shall be taken: 1st.
The excise duty arising from the sale ratified in favor of said concurso
by Don. J. M. Valdivielzo, which shall be liquidated by the general
treasury, ascertaining by research the necessary proofs, and taking them
where they are found. 2nd. The amount of pecuniary penalties, to which
: hose who attempt to defraud said duty are liable by law. 3rd.
(342)