Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
233
What said securities, on said ground or any other are furthermore in-
debted to the state after the respective liquidations, which shall be made
by the chief agents of rents of the districts, within whose limits the
haciendas should be responsible.
Abt. 4. The residue shall be awarded to the creditors according to
their claims after being examined and comparatively estimated by the
state tribunals, and according to law, whether in securities of those that
are taken at the price at which they are valued at the time of paying
them, or in money, or shares in conformity to sales that should already
have been made.
Abt. 5. Existing leases shall continue to the expiration of the term
for which they were contracted, and the executive shall take care that
the rents be collected by the respective agencies, and punctually paid
into the general treasury; contracts entered into since the 11th instant
shall not remain in force without his approbation.
Abt. 6. This shall not prevent the securities from being sold, from
the present time, divided into fifty portions at least, which the executive
shall designate, taking for that purpose the information he shall deem
necessary; but purchasers shall not receive them as their own property
until the expiration of the term mentioned in the foregoing article.
Abt. 7. The executive shall regulate the mode, instalments and con-
ditions wherewith said sales are to be effected, wherein prices offered,
less than the valuation of the property, shall not be accepted: and the
following persons shall have the preference: 1st. The creditors them-
selves, when they manifestly possess peculiar rights, and hold tacit mort-
gage, of whom the amount placed to their credit for principal and in-
terest shall be taken in payment, without being required to wait the
term specified in article 4, and in all cases they shall give the pledge of
creditors of the best claim. 2nd. Possessors now cultivating the tene-
ments with fields or cattle thereon; and by no title shall their property
fall back in mortmain.
Abt. 8. The main water of the hacienda del Rosario shall be re-
quired to serve for turning the machinery of the factory, now construct-
ing at the town of Parras, and those that shall be hereafter established,
provided, that it shall not be required to change the present course
thereof.
Abt. 9. The state shall take one third, or one aperture of said water
to favour the cultivation of the vineyards which constitute the prin-
cipal means of support in said town, to be distributed among the inhab-
itants at present engaged in that branch of agriculture, who are not com-
prised in article 137 of the regulations for the politico-financial admin-
istration of the towns, and in proportion to the ground they cultivate.
Abt. 10. The persons among whom it is distributed, shall be obli-
gated to pay the value of that which corresponds to them agreeably to
the estimate made in conformity to the provision of article 2, in three
( 343 )