234
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
instalments, payable in four, five and six years, from the time of taking
possession, under penalty of forfeiting the right in case of non-fulfil-
ment and paying furthermore a rent of five per cent. per annum, on
the value of the water for the time they availed themselves thereof.
Abt. 11. The provision of the two preceding articles shall be exe-
cuted by the chief of that department, who shall give the titles to the
persons interested, exacting from them the respective part of the costs
incured in the works it should be necessary to perform, giving notice to
the executive, and communicating the proper information to the agency
of rents for the collection of the instalments as they become due.
Abt. 12. The vineyard of el Rosario shall be alienated under the
rules prescribed in the law of the th of April last, with the difference
that the lots into which it is divided shall have thirty varas front and six-
ty deep; the remainder in its alienation shall be considered as municipal
country secury, and granted at a revenue of five per cent, per annum,
redeemable at the pleasure of the persons taking the same.
Abt. 13. The annual rent, for which the present lessee of the afore-
said hacienda is obligated, shall be abated sixteen hundred dollars, as a
just indemnification for what he ought to receive for the value of the
water, and fruits of the vineyard.
Abt. 14. The limits of the municipality of Quartro Cienegas shall
be augmented from Anteojo Chico to Anteojo Grande, by way of the
pass, as far as the river San Marcos, descending said river to those al-
ready designated.
Abt. 15. The rubbish of the hacienda de Patos shall be appropriated
for a town to be called Sant-Anna, and the executive shall regulate the
construction thereof, designating the proper ground, and necessary edi-
fices for town halls, prison, school and other public establishments: but
this provision shall not go into effect until the conclusion of the present
lease; yet from the present time preparatory measures, not affecting the
right of the lessee, may be prescribed.
Abt. 16. Another town shall be founded at the place called las Galeras
de la hacienda de San Juan, to be denominated the town of Moctezuma,
and the executive shall regulate the construction thereof agreeably to
the preceding article, conforming moreover to the following fundamental
provisions: 1st. He shall assign to said town two thirds of the waters of
the aforementioned hacienda, without including the ranchos of S. Pablo,
el Carmen, and Contotoros. 2nd. Said water shall be distributed in sixty
shares at least. 3rd. The inhabitants of Cienegas, S. Buenaventura and
Nadadores shall have the perference in the distribution,' provided they
have no other property of the same kind.
Abt. 17. The present tenant of the hacienda of San Juan shall be at
liberty to enter into a new contract for the time yet wanting for the
expiration of that he has made, or to withdraw therefrom, should he
think proper.
(344)