Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
241
Abt. 4. When there are no heirs the capital mentioned in the forego-
ing article in conformity to the provision of the 15th article of the con-
stitution shall devolve to the state treasury, and the individuals whose
duty it is to deliver the same, should they fail so to doo, shall incur a fine
of one fifth the import of said capital.
Abt. 5. Should the persons interested to whom it belongs to demand
the capital herein mentioned not verify it within the peremptory term of
five months, pursuant to this sole fact it shall be declared vacant, and
adjudged to the state treasury.
Abt. 6. No person shall dispose of more than one tenth of the fifth of
his property in benefit of his soul.
Abt. 7. Judges and notaries who authorize public instruments with
clauses contrary to this decree or that before mentioned of the Spanish
Cortes, besides the nullity of said instruments, shall return the fees they
have exacted, and be suspended, the former in the enjoyment of the rights
of citizens for the term of three years, and the latter for the same length
of time in their office.
Abt. 8. The intervention of the ecclesiastical authority in affairs purely
civil is hereby prohibited, also the testament visit in the state by the
Bishops of diocess.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be printed,
published, and circulated.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. 5
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhabi-
tants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECEEE No. 264.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Article 3 of the decree of the 8th of April 1830, should have been un-
derstood even in respect to those eases which by decision of the assessor
were directed to be relinquished. In pursuance thereof, the supreme trib-
unal of justice shall take cognizance in all those of this class that have not
been forwarded to said tribunal.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
E.	de la FUENTE, President.
JOSE Y. C. FALCON, D. S.
J. J. GEANDE, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given in the citv of Monclova on the 5th of March, 1834.
F.	V. y VILLASENOR.
Jose M. FALCON, Secretary.
(351)