242
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
DECBEE No. 265.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. A municipality shall be established at Matagorda, whose juris-
diction shall be embraced in the following limits; commencing at the
entrance of Caney Creek into the Gulph of Mexico, ascending said creek
to intercept the northern boundary of rhe municipality of Austin, thence
west as far as la Vaca river, descending said river, to its mouth, and fol-
lowing the coast eastward to the place of beginning.
Art. 2. With this intent the Alcalde of the town of Austin shall pro-
ceed to said settlement to preside the at electoral meetings of the new
Ayuntamiento according to law.
Ari:. 3. Another Ayuntamiento shall also be established at San Au-
gustine on Ayish Bayou, the limits of whose jurisdiction shall commence
at the junction of Little Cow Creek with the Sabine river, thence in a
straight line to the mouth of the aforementioned Ayish Bayou, ascending
the river Atoyac to the principal head waters thereof, thence northward
to the river Sabine, descending said river to the place of beginning.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
March 6, 1834.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. 5
The Governor of the state of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhab-
itants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECREE No. 266.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. The waters pertaining to the municipal funds and means of
the towns of Gigedo, Nava, Allende, and Morelos shall be taken by the
state at a rent of five per cent, per annum on the value thereof, and ad-
judged to the town of Guerrero, and all expense incurred in providing
ants of said town of Guerrero.
ART. 2. Those of the inhabitants of said town who.are unwilling to
contribute pecuniary or personally to the aforementioned works, shall
have no'right to avail themselves of the water conceded.
Art. 3. The rent specified in article 1, shall be paid annually to the
respective towns by the state treasury, for the term of ten years, and at
the expiration thereof the capital to which the waters taken amount
(352 )