Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
247
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and .Texas. §
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhab-
itants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECREE No. 271.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree as follows:'
Art. 1. Exclusive privilege is hereby granted to James Grant for the
term of ten years for manufacturing with machinery every kind of com-
mon cotton and woolen goods, in the three departments of Monelova,
Saltillo and Parras, provided, that the machines be not of those hitherto
established, and that the goods be of a better quality than those now
manufactured in said departments.
Art. 2. It is hereby admitted that said Grant bind himself to pur-
chase in preference the cotton and wool produced in said departments,
and presented him by the growers or traders of said articles at the same
price he could obtain them elsewhere.
Art. 3. During the term of the privilege the goods manufactured by
said machines shall pay only the five per cent, duty of consumption as-
signed to. foreign effects of that class, and at wholesale they shall be en-
tirely free.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
E.	de la FUENTE, President.
JOSE Y. C. FALCON, D. S.
J. J. GRANDE, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given in the city of Monclova on the 26th March, 1834.
F.	V. y VILLASENOR.
Jose M. FAFCON, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. j
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhab-
itants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECEEE No. 272.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree: .
SECTION 1.
Art. 1. The vacant lands of the state shall be sold at public auc-
tion.
Art. 2. A vara of three geometrical feet, and a mile consisting of
a thousand varas, shall be the unit for lineal measure; and a millonada
( 357)