Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
249
person, but for himself only, or as attorney of another, whom he shall
make known by his entire name, and in that case the title shall not be
issued until the true purchaser appears to receive it in his own name,
which shall do within one year under penalty of forfeiting his right,
and what shall have been paid.
SECTION 2.
Abt. 13. For the proper regulation, and better administration of this
department there shall be two general commissioners, to be appointed
by the executive, one for Coahuila, the other for Texas.
Abt. 14. There shall also be such number of subordinate commission-
ers as the executive shall deem proper, and he shall assign them in their
commissions the limits of the district wherein they are to exercise their
functions.
Abt. 15. The attributes and duties of the subordinate commissioners
shall be as follows:—To fulfil the orders and instructions of the exe-
cutive, and the respective general commissioners.—Appoint, surveyors
duly qualified, on their responsibility, and administer them the oath
specified in article 19.—Cause the lands to be surveyed in accordance with
the provision of articles 3 and 4.—Keep a bound book of common paper
for carefully recording the surveys therein, adding a map of the same,
.and signing the recital with the surveyor who made the survey, and
witnesses who accompanied him.—Form a general map of his district,
• whereon the particular surveys, and sales that shall have been made,
shall be noted down.—Furnish the advertisements mentioned in article
4, and direct them to the respective Alcaldes that they may cause them
to be posted up in the most public and usual place.—Sell the lands as
provided in articles 1, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7.—Keep another bound book,
wherein he shall specify all the sales he.shall make, minutely describing
the lands and surveys thereof, with a map, and stating the price of the
sale, which he shall sign with the purchaser and witnesses.—Furnish
the purchaser, without delay, a certified copy of said recital, with a map,
and should the lands be in different places, a seperate certificate for each.
—And forward to the general commissioner the map of his district, and
give to said commissioner and to the executive such information as they
shall request.
Abt. 16. The powers and duties of the general commissioners shall
be as follows:—To conform entirely to the orders and instructions of
the executive, and submit to him whatever information he requests, and
what is proper with regard to lands which in his opinion may may be, and
ought to be sold, paying strict attention to the time specified, whereon
the colonization contracts entered into previous to the publication of this
law, are to expire.—Issue to purchasers in the name of the state the
titles to the land sold in accordance with the certificates they present
him from the subordinate commissioners, describing the lands and sur-
veys thereof, and expressing the amount for which they were sold.—Ad-
minister the oath mentioned in article 12, and, as the case may be, that
prescribed in article 8 previous to issuing to a purchaser his titles, being a
( 359 )