Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
251
Art. 26. The subordinate commissioners shall receive in the same
manner, five dollars for each certificate they shall issue of the sales they
make.
Art. 27. The general commissioners shall receive eight dollars for
every title they give.
Abt. 28. The collector shall receive a compensation of six per cent,
on the sums they collect and receive.
Abt. 29. All the instructions for commissioners issued prior to this
decree, so far as they are opposed to the same, are hereby repealed, and
decrees numbers 62 of the 15th of May 1828, 190 of the 28th of April
1832, and 128 of the 7th of April 1830, are likewise repealed, with the
exception of the last six articles of the latter, which shall continue in
force.
Abt. 30. Hereafter no colonization contract shall be made, and those
heretofore made shall be strictly fulfilled, and in entire accordance with
the law of the 24th of March, 1825.
SECTION 3.
Abt. 31. No petition for prolonging the time in contracts shall be
passed to congress by the executive, unless authenticated so as sufficiently
to prove that the persons interested have expended ten thousand dollars
at least for carrying their engagements into effect, and that the non-
fulfilment thereof has consisted solely in insuperable obstacles interposed
by the Mexican authorities.
Art. 32. To the inhabitants of the frontier of Nacogdoches, and those
residing east of Austin’s colonies, titles shall be issued to the lands they
occupy according to article 16 of the colonization law of the 24th of
March 1825, and the resolutions of the general government of April and
August 1828, and the executive shall appoint one or two commissioners
for that object, who without any delay shall execute the same at the
expense of the persons interested, and the titles heretofore legally issued
are hereby confirmed.
Art. 33. The other colonists of the state, who, having emigrated
separately, and at their own expense, within the first six years from the
establishment of any colony, should not have received the augumenta-
tion conceded by said article 16 of said colonization law, shall manifest
the same to the executive through the channel of the political chief.
Art. 34. To resolve in regard to said claims the executive shall ap-
point three commissioners, who, citing the respective empresario, shall
give the colonists a verbal hearing, and decide by majority of vote
whether the claimant be entitled to the augmentation. Should it be
decided in the affirmative, they shall give the party the corresponding
certificate.
Art. 35. Said party shall present himself to the Ayuntamiento .speci-
fying the land which he solicits, and requesting a surveyor to be ap-
pointed to run off the same, and that being done, the said Ayuntami-
ento shall issue him the title giving notice to the executive through the
ordinary channel.
(361)