Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
253
Abt. 4. The executive shall regulate the construction of the town and
assign it the proper ground, reserving its formal establishment until the
expiration of the present lease.
Art. 5. The locality of the town of Montizuma shall be that which
the executive shall point out as most proper.
Art. 6. Difficulties that may occur on executing this law, and that
above mentioned of the 21st of February last, so as to impede their
prompt fulfilment shall be removed by the executive, and he shall himself
form the regulations he shall judge necessary in order that the questions,
that may be agitated by those who pretend to have a right to the favours
conceded in both laws, in the part that provides for the distribution of
lands and waters, may be divided administratively, and without appeal
or form of trial.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
DECREE No. 275.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree:
Judges shall perform judicial acts with assisting witnesses even should
there be a notary public in the district of their jurisdiction, provided, that
said notary be prevented by any occupation he may have in any of the
courts of justice, performing the business of his office therein at the time,
or for any other reason wherein his default may impede the prompt ad-
ministration of justice.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. 5
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhabit-
ants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed as
follows:
DECREE No. 276.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree:
Art. 1. Pastorals, edicts, or orders transmitted by prelates of the dio-
Cess to towns of private individuals, as well as letters of obedience and
■decrees from the reverend spiritual governors of the different religious
orders to those persons under their authority, who reside in the state,
shall not be fulfilled therein without the corresponding permit to be
granted by the executive, with the knowledge of congress, and during the
recess thereof, of the standing deputation.
Art. 2. Disciplinary orders, private subjects pertaining to penitence
immunity, and those which the public decorum require should be pri-
vate, are hereby excepted from the provision of the preceding article.
(363)