256
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
ART. 15. For the formation of the jury in criminal cases the Ayunta-
mientos shall remit, every year, to the Ayuntamiento of the capital of
the district, a list of the names of all the citizens of their respective mu-
nicipalities, having the necessary qualifications for jurymen, which names
separately written on slips of paper, shall be put into a box and the sec-
retary, in presence of the Ayuntamiento, shall draw out a number of
names, which multiplied by the number of the municipalities which
compose the district, shall produce a result not less than 36; and shall
deliver a list of them to the subaltern sheriffs, in order that they may
summon them to appear at the capital of the district, on the day of the
opening of the sessions of the of the superior court; and two months
previous thereto, he shall transmit another list to the secretary of the dis-
trict, who shall put together in one box the names thus transmitted, and
keep them in this manner till the day of the approaching sessions.
Art. 16. All the acts designated in the two preceding articles shall be
kept secret,, and the names of the jurors shall not be divulged, until they
are called on to be sworn, neither by the members of the Ayuntamientos,
their secretaries, the sheriffs, nor by the jurors themselves, who shall be
notified by the aforesaid sheriffs, at the time of their citation, of the obli-
gation imposed upon them, of observing the most rigorous silence; with
the understanding that the violation of this obligation will be considered
as the crime of falsehood, and the delinquent shall suffer the correspond-
ent punishment.
Art. 17. To be superior judge, it is required that he be a citizen in the
full exercise of his rights, over 25 years of age, a lawyer by profession,
and a man of probity and science. He shall be appointed by the con-
gress, on the nomination of the governor, en terna, and he cannot be re-
moved from office, except for some cause legally manifested and proved.
His salary shall be three thousand dollars per annum.
Abt. 18. In case the judge appointed may not be acquainted with
both the legal idioms of Texas, he shall appoint an interpreter, whose
salary shall be one thousand dollars per annum.
SECTION 2.
Preliminary Provisions.
Abt. 19. The primary judges in the municipal capitals, and the com-
missaries in their respective jurisdictions, are judges of enquiry and po-
lice, for the prompt investigation of crimes and the apprehension of de-
linquents; and in so doing they may proceed by virtue of their office, with-
out waiting for orders or instruction from any superior.
Art. 20. The sheriffs and constables are executive officers, to aid and
assist the judges, and are required to comply strictly with their orders,
when not manifestly contrary to some express law. In the absence of the
proper officer, the. judge may appoint a substitute pro lem.
(366)