Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
259
provided for in this law, and in the form therein indicated. In the in-
ferior courts, the primary judges shall make out and authenticate these
records, and in the superior court that duty shall be performed by the
secretary thereof.
Art. 41. The executive officers shall make out in writing, a simple,
but clear and explicit statement, of the manner in which they have exe-
cuted the orders of their superiors, and of all their official acts that ought
to appear in trials by writing, which statement shall be signed by the
secretary and district sheriff, and in the inferior courts by the primary
judge and subaltern sheriff, and in the commissary’s jurisdiction by the
commissary and the constable.
Art. 42. These statements shall be placed, according to the nature of
the case, either in the record, or in the book, or at the foot of the orders
executed, and in the place which they ought naturally to occupy.
. Art. 43. The official acts of the judges and commissaries shall be at-
tested by assisting witnesses.
SECTION 3.
Of the administration of Justice in Criminal Cases.
Paragraph Xst.—Of the Trial Verbal.
Art. 44. Criminal trials are divided into three parts; Verbal, for the
correction and punishment of slight offences: The Sumario, which is the
prompt investigation of the crime, and the discovery of the criminal, for
the purpose of securing him, where the importance of the crime re-
quires it: And the Plenario for the final resolution of the case, and the
application of the penalty, where the nature of the case requires its in-
fliction.
Art. 45. The violation of laws or regulations of police, the penalty of
which does not exceed ten dollars, or three days imprisonment or labor in
the public works, shall be punished by a verbal determination of the judge
or commissary.
Art. 46. Slight infractions of law, and all delinquencies which merit
no other punishment than admonition, or moderate reproof, or where the
pecuniary penalty does not exceed ten dollars, shall be punished accord-
ingly.
Art. Vt. All decisions relative to these penalties, or fines, shall be re-
corded in a book kept for that purpose, and shall be signed by the judge
and assisting witnesses, and shall be executed without appeal.
Art. 48. Every person who shall be cited by the competent judge for
the decision of verbal trials, shall appear either personally or by his at-
torney, at the hour specified in the citation, and if he should casually
reside in another jurisdiction, he shall be cited by an official notice, di-
rected to the judge of the jurisdiction in which he may reside, and if he
refuse to appear after such citation, the judge shall appoint for him a
24 —vol. 1.
(369)