Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
263
it be necessary to return into court for information upon any point, he
shall attend them.
Abt. 74. The verdict of the jury being agreed upon by the number
required by law, it shall be committed to writing, expressing all the im-
portant circumstances that may have been established by the evidence
and shall be signed by all the jurors: Those however, who may dissent
from the verdict shall be permitted to express their seperate opinion.
The decision shall then be presented to the court, and read by the secre-
tary, in a distinct voice, that it may be corrected by the jury if necessary,
and if approved, shall be added to the record.
Abt. 75. In conformity with the verdict of the jury, and agreeably to
the laws, the judge shall pronounce the final sentence, with which act the
trial shall be concluded.
SECTION 4.
Of the Appeal of Nullity.
Abt. 76. From the definitive sentence pronounced in the trial Crim-
inal Plenario, the only recourse which can be attempted is the appeal of
Nullity.
Abt. 77. This appeal of Nullity shall be made within eight days after
the sentence may have been pronounced, and before the same court in
which the case may have been tried, in order that it may be transmitted
to the third hall of the supreme court of justice.
Abt. 78. The party that may attempt this appeal, shall express in writ-
ing, the reasons upon which it is founded, and shall deliver a copy of the
same to the other party who shall make his replication within three days;
it shall be admitted by the judge, and the proceedings of the trial shall
be officially transmitted by him to the abovementioned hall of justice.
Abt. 79. This court shall try,the appeal solely upon the proceedings
of the court below, without commencing a new prosecution, or requiring
the presence of the parties, nor shall any attention be paid to defects that
may appear in the Sumario, unless they be such as materially affect the
case.
Abt. 80. If, in the proceedings of the trial, any of the formalities or
important requisites, contemplated by this law were omitted, the sen-
tence shall be revoked by the court, citing the laws on which the revo-
cation is founded, and the whole sent back to the original court, where a
new trial shall be instituted.
Abt. 81. If the principles of the law may not have been accurately
applied, in the sentence, to the facts established by the jury, it shall be
corrected by the supreme tribunal, citing the laws on which it [the cor-
rection] is founded, and the sentence thus corrected shall be carried into
execution.
Abt, 82. If this appeal of Nullity be made on account of bribery
( 373 )