Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
265
SECTION 6.
Of the administration of Justice in Civil Cases.
Paragraph Vt.—Of the Trial Verbal, and of the Conciliation.
Art. 91. The primary judges, and commissaries, shall determine by
themselves alone, and verbally, all demands, the import of which shall
not exceed ten dollars, and a record of such decisions shall be kept in a
book for that purpose, and be signed by the judge or commissary and the
parties, or by two witnesses in case the parties may not know how to
write.
Art. 92. The decisions in these cases shall be executed in conformity
which the 179th article of the constitution.
Art. 93. In all civil demands, and in those for personal injuries, the
Alcaldes shall exercise the office of conciliators, in conformity with the
laws to that effect.
Paragraph 2nd.—Of the Trial by Writing.
Art. 94. In order to commence an action by writing, the complainant
.shall present himself before the primary judge of the respective jurisdic-
tion, and shall signify his demand by a petition plainly and clearly ex- .
pressed, accompanied by a certificate of having attempted in vain a recon-
ciliation with the opposite party; and without this requisite his demand
.shall not be admitted.
Art. 95. The judge shall immediately cite the defendant, by a written ■
notice, appointing the day of trial, and expressing in the citation the
name of the plaintiff, and the subject matter of the demand.
Art. 96. The sheriff shall notify the defendant, of the citation, and
shall deliver him a certified copy thereof, and if he cannot be found, the
said copy shall be left at his house, or at the house where he may reside,
or if he cannot be notified in this manner, it shall be posted up in the
most public place of the jurisdiction.-
Art. 97. If the defendant reside in another jurisdiction, he shall be
cited by an official notice directed to the judge of said jurisdiction.
Art. 98. When the defendant cannot be found, or his residence be out
of the state, and' under such circumstances that he cannot soon return,
or being cited in the manner mentioned in the preceding article he do
not reply in the time specified in the citation, or if in any stage of the
trial whatever, one of the parties shall not appear, when under obliga-
tion to do so, the judge, on information and petition of the party inter-
ested, shall appoint an attorney ad litem, for the party absent, and the
trial shall proceed in the same manner as if the party himself were pres-
ent.
. Art. 99. The absent party, however, may at any time appear and con-
tinue the trial in person, and in that case the powers of his attorney shall
cease.
(875)