270
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Abt. 140. In order to give to this law the corresponding publicity, in
the two languages spoken by the inhabitants of Texas, it shall be pub-
lished in both idioms, and for that purpose, the governor shall appoint a
translator, possessing a critical knowledge of both.
For its fulfilment, the Constitutional Governor of the State shall cause
it to be printed, published, and circulated.
AUGUSTIN VIESCA, President,
J. J. GRANDE, D. S.
J. M. de URANGA, D. S.
I therefore command that it be printed, publised, circulated and. car-
ried into effect.
Given in the city of Monelova on the 17th April, 1834.
F. V. y VILLASENOR.
Jose M. Falcon, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. )
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhab-
itants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DEGREE No. 278.
With the intention of protecting the lives and property of the citizens,
constantly sacrificed to the perfidy, rage, and barbarity of the hostile
Indians, and desirous that so important and sacred an object may be
accomplished without giving additional care to the general govern-
ment, at present excessively employed in protecting the institutions of
the country, also, without occasioning further embarrassment to the
national treasury—entrusting the present defence of the state to its
own resources, against this class of enemies who have never under-
stood, or respected any other right than that of superior force; and
exercising the right which naturally belongs to every society, of pro-
viding for its own safety, and which is entrusted by the 4th clause of
article 162 of the constitution of the republic, the congress of the state
of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to decree:
Abt. 1. The executive, availing himself of the resources of the state,
shall repress the ferocity of the savages to shield the lives and property
of the citizens from their aggressions.
Abt. 2. For said object the executive may dispose of such number
as he shall consider necessary of the militia which the state has in the
departments whrein hostilities are committed and for paying or remu-
nerating the militia-men, he may take of the vacant lands to the amount
of four hundred sitios, distributing them agreeably to the rules and con-
ditions he shall establish.
Abt. 3. For the present twenty thousand dollars are hereby appro-
priated, of the first receipts of the state treasury for sales of lands made
by virtue of the law on the subject.
(380)