Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
273
Abt. 3. Springs, that in the opinion of said chiefs, are not suscep-
tible of convenient and useful division and lands that are in the same con- •
dition shall be sold at public auction, and the proceeds thereof shall be
appropriated to the expense occasioned by the distribution of the others.
Abt. 4. The families mentioned in article 138 of the aforementioned
regulations,-No. 37, shall be considered with respect to the head thereof,
or what is the same thing when the master of the family belongs to that
class formerly called natives, said family shall thereby have a right in
the distribution conformably to said article 138, the same in respect to
Indian widows with or without children; Indians married or widowers,
with or without children, and Indians even unmarried, provided, that
they can become emancipated by law, and this shall be understood even
should the parents of either be living, and as not affecting the right which
said parents also possess.
Abt. 5. To each family classed in the manner specified in the foregoing
article an equal share of the distributable lands and waters shall be
given, and on no other ground whatever shall they be allowed to claim a
right to a greater quantity.
Abt. 6. The term specified in article 140 of the aforementioned de-
cree No. 37, shall be reduced to three years in towns wherein the distri-
bution has not been made until the present time, reckoning said term
from the date whereon they obtain the respective title; and in towns
wherein the lands and waters herein mentioned have already been dis-
tributed, but the titles not yet given, six years shall be reckoned from the
time said lands and waters were adjudicated.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be print-
ed, published, and circulated.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. 5
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhab-
itants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECEEE No. 282.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
The executive is hereby authorized to form coalitions with the other
states on the basis prescribed by the general congress, laying his com-
pacts before the legislature of the state for approval.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
A. VIESCA, President.
J. J. GEANDE, D. S.
J. M. de UEANGA, D. S.
( 383 )