280
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Executive Department of the State of ]
Coahuila and Texas. 5
The governor of the state of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhabitants
thereof: Be it known, that the permanent deputation, associated with
the executive council and deputies present in the capital, persuaded
that the critical state of affairs in the republic demands ready meas-
ures, to allay the present disturbances, and exercising the power con-
ferred in article 90 of the constitution, has thought proper to decree
as follows:
ART 1. Of opinion that the will of the nation has been concurrently
expressed by the unanimous vote of the towns of a majority of the states,
and relinquishing its sentiments, believing them to be contrary to the
public interest, the state of Coahuila and Texas hereby recognizes general
Don Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna as president of the republic, yielding
obedience, in pursuance thereof, to all his executive acts, that are in con-
formity to the constitution and general laws.
Abt. 2. All pacificatory measures, that shall be dictated, and approved
by a majority of the whole of the states, shall be immediately supported
by the state of Coahuila and Texas.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
M. BORREGO, President.
J. J. GRANDE, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given in the citv of Monclova on,the 23d July, 1834.
F. V. y VILLASENOR.
J. ANTONIO Padilla, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. 5
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, ad interim, in exer-
cise of the executive power, to all the inhabitants thereof: Be it known,
that the congress of the said state has decreed as follows:
DECREE No. 291.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Jose M. Cantu, Governor of the State ad interim, shall present him-
self on the morning of the 12th instant, at 12 o’clock, to take the oath
prescribed by the constitution.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
JOSE ANTONIO TIJERINA, President.
ANDRES de la VIESCA y MONTES, D. S.
DIEGO GRANT, D. S.
(390 )