Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
281
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given at the city of Monclova on the 12th March, 1835.
JOSE MARIA CANTU.
J. B. C. y Esteada, Deputy Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. j
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, ad interim, in exer-
cise of the executive power, to all the inhabitants thereof: Be it known,
that the congress of said state has decreed as follows:
DECREE No. 292.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, having taken under
deliberation the resignation of office tendered by his excellency the
Governor, D. Juan J. Elguezabal, in the exposition directed in his offi-
cial communication on the 1st instant, and in attention to the imprac-
ticability of accomplishing, within the time prescribed by the constitu-
tion, the general examination and regulation of votes given by the
towns for said office at the last elections, as the returns have not yet
been received from the departments of Bexar and Nacogdoches, has
thought proper to decree:
. Abt. 1. The resignation of office, tendered by his excellency, Don. '
Juan J. Elguezabal is hereby accepted.
Abt. 2. Jose M. Cantu is hereby provisionally invested with the exe-
cutive power of the state.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
J. A. TIJERINA, President.
A. de la V. y MONTES, D. S.
D. GRANT, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given in the citv of Monciova on the 12th of March, 1835.
JOSE M. CANTU.
J. B. C. y ESTRADA, Deputy Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. 5
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, ad interim, in exer-
cise of the executive power, to all the inhabitants thereof: Be it known,
that the congress of said state has decreed as follows:
DECREE No. 293.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Abt. 1. The executive, for attending to the present public exigen-
(391)