Laws and Beenes of Coahuila and Texas.
285
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given in the city of Monclova, on the 7th of April, 1835.
M. BOREEGO.
Jose M. Falcon, Secretary.
EXPOSITION,
Submitted by the congress of the state of Coahuila and Texas, to both
houses of the general congress, requesting that the term in the laze
of amnesty under discussion may not be limited, and that it may in-
cludepersons not born in the republic, zvho have acqtiired the rights
of citizenshif.
To the Hon. Congress of the Republic.
The legislature of this state, by the newspapers published in this capi-
tal, has been apprized of the project of an act of oblivion in respect to
political offences, whereby the general congress desires to terminate the
internal dissentions, that have caused so many evils to the country, and
that have arisen solely from factions or parties, which have for a long
time disputed the ascendency, and direction of the respective affairs with
the public administration.
Always with artful designs, disregarding, instead of following the
distastes of reason, they have set themselves above the power of the laws
and authorities, committing their pretentions to the successful issue of
arms, which, while it never gives a legal right, leaves open room for sub-
sequent complaint against the party that attained the like illegality ; be-
sides, exciting discord, ill-will, and a disposition to persecution and re-
venge among members of the same family, and citizens living under the
same government, for such are the sad results of civil war. It is now time
to apply the proper means to repair these manifold calamities, to consign
the past deviations to oblivion; it is time, in short, to meditate upon
measures of reconcilation to perpetuate union, peace and tranquillity,
without which blessings, the country cannot advance to the attainment
of that prosperity, and greatness, to which she is eminently destined.
In fact, the project of a law of amnesty, that now occupies the attention
of your honerable body, will accomplish so laudable an object should good
faith be hereafter preserved. But the congress of Coahuila and Texas,
animated by the same feelings as the national representatives, desires it
may be granted in more extensive terms, without specifying any epoch, or
excluding persons not born in the country, as article 7th of the project
provides. This body being the legitimate organ of a very considerable
portion of that class of persons, would be wanting in its duty, and in the
immutable principles of justice, did it not claim the equality, to which it
considers them entitled, manifesting to your honorable body that in this
state there are thousands of persons originally foreigners, but who,
being legally established therein, have acquired property and rights,
guaranteed by the constitution and laws, the same as to the natives
of the country: so that, being as much interested as the latter in the
( 395 )