Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
287
DECREE No. 299.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree:
Art. 1. The executive cannot dispose of the four hundred sitios of
land, mentioned in article 2nd of the law of the 19th of April 1834, ex-
cept solely for the object which said law determines.
Art. 2. Agreeably to the aforementioned law, the executive has been,
and is, authorized to contract the aforementioned lands, or to distribute
them, as he shall think most proper, among the militia-men, who prose-
cute the war against the savages.
Art. 3. Not only the militia of the departments where hostilities are
committed shall be destined to the chastisement of the savages, but also
that of the other departments of the state in the event it should be neces-
sary in the opinion of the executive; and they shall be paid in the same
manner as the'former.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
J. M. MIER, President.
D. GRANT, D. S.
J. M. J. CARBAJAL, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given in the city of Monclova, on the 14th of April, 1835.
M. BORREGO.
J. M. FALCON, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. j
The constitutional Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all
the inhabitants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has
decreed as follows:
DECREE No. 300.
Art. 1. Chief agencies of joint rents shall he established in the depart-
ments of Rio Grande, Brazos and Nacogdoches, independent of those of
Monclova and Bexar, to which they have been subject, to be subject here-
after to the executive alone.
Art. 2. The limits thereof shall be those that comprise each depart-
ment, and those of the receivers offices the same that embrace the civil
jurisdiction of each of their municipalities; the agency to be situated in
the respective capital.
Art. 3. The executive shall proceed to the appointment of said
officers agreeably to the provision made by the existing laws on the sub-
ject, and assign to each of them the amount of security they are to give
for their management, taking into view the products of their collection,
and in proportion to the security given by the other officers of their class.
(397)