Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
291
Coahuila and Texas suffers a cruel and desolating Indian war. The
garisons destined to pursue and chastise the savages, besides being in-
capable of acting, from absolute neglect, are seperated from the purpose
for which they were established at the pleasure and caprice of the general
commandants, who withdraw them from the frontier when they choose,
as is actually the case in this state, in which the commandant Don Mar-
tin Perfecto de Cos has considered it more proper and beneficial to co-
erce the supreme authorities, and favor the disturbances of one town, than
to pursue the savages, although they are destroying the lives and prop-
erty of the citizens.
In so perplexed and difficult a state of affairs, can the congress of
Coahuila and Texas be desired not to remonstrate on seeing the civic
militia disappear, its sole support and defence—the only force that can
apply itself to the preservation of order, and support of the laws ? What
would be its condition in such an event? The most deplorable and ab-
ject that could occur.
The cause of the revolutions we have suffered is in vain imputed to
the militia. Recourse has been had to this as a pretext for impugning
the militia, but it is impossible not to know and discern that they have
all been occasioned by the standing army. We should remember that in
Guanaxuato the institutions were saved by the civic militia.
The congress of the state of Zacatecas, in the exposition it directed
to your honorable body, on the 7th instant, completely refutes all the ar-
tifice that has been resorted to against the national local militia, clearly
manifesting the propriety of its conduct, the necessity of its existence,
and that it has not caused the evils which the enemies of liberty have
been willing to suppose.
The state of Coahuila and Texas being of the same opinion, and in
the situation above represented, supports the aforementioned exposition
in all its parts, and requests that your honorable body will revoke the
decree diminishing the civic militia in the states.
The well known wisdom of th® national representatives induces the
belief that the remonstrances of this legislature will be dispassionately-
heard, and that, in consideration of the public good, the revocation it re-
quests will be enacted.
Hall of sessions of the congress of the state of Coahuila and Texas, at
Monclova on the 22nd of April, 1835.
J. M. MIER, President.
A. de la V. y MONTES, D. S. S.
J. M. J. CARVAJAL, D. S.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. 5
The constitutional Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all
the inhabitants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has
-decreed as follows:
26—VOL. 1.
(401)