Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
297
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
J. M. MIER, President.
D. GRANT, D. S.
J. M. CARBAJAL, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and dulv
fulfilled.
Given in the city of Monelova on the 30th April, 1835.
AUGUSTIN VIESCA.
J. M. IRALA, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. 5
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhab-
itants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECREE No. 309.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. All persons or families now residing in Texas, and who shall
have emigrated previous to the date of this law for the purpose of settling
in the country, and who have not received lands according to the colo-
nization laws, are hereby declared to be entitled to the portions designated
by the law of the 24th of March, 1825, provided, that they possess the
qualifications therein prescribed.
Art. 2. Those favored in the preceding article, who emigrated previous
to the 28th of April, 1832, shall pay as an acknowledgement at the time
of receiving their titles, the amount specified in article 22nd of the law
of the 24th of March, 1825, and those who came since, at the rate of
sixty dollars a sitio for grazing, and five dollars a labor for temporal
land.
Art. 3. The executive shall appoint a commissioner for each of the
three departments of Texas, to issue the titles, corresponding to the per-
sons mentioned in this law, agreeably to the commissioner’s instructions
of the 4th of September 1827, without being subject to the additional
article. Said commissioners shall be paid by the persons interested
agreeably to the provision made by decree of the 15th of May 1828.
Art. 4. The executive shall take the proper measures in order that
this law may be carried into effect as soon as possible.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
J. M. MIER, President.
D. GRANT, D. S.
J. M. CARVAJAL, D. S.
( 407 )