Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
299
Art. 3. Those officers who are not present at Parras on the day the
executive shall appoint, to enter on the discharge of their duties, shall be
understood to have resigned.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
A. de la V. y MONTES, President.
J. M. J. CARVAJAL, D. S.
J. A. TIJERINA, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated, and duly
fulfilled.
In exercise of the power conferred in the foregoing articles, I hereby
decree:
Art. 1. Those officers of the cigar manufactory, who wish to continue
in office, shall be present at Parras on the 31st instant.
Art. 2. To provide against the difficulties arising from the present
condition of Leona Vicario, copies of this decree shall be forwarded to the
superintendent of the manufactory by three different conveyances.
Art. 3. The aforementioned superintendant, under his responsibility,
shall cause the stock and funds on hand, and chattels pertaining to the
manufactory under his charge, to be removed agreeably to article 1, and
presented, accompanied by an exact inventory which he shall have
formed of the whole, to the political chief of the department of
Parras.
Given at the city of Monclova on the 7th of Mav, 1835.
AUGUSTIN VIESCA.
T. M. IRALA, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. j
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhab-
itants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECREE No. 312.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper to
decree as follows:
Art. 1. The executive is hereby authorized to issue letters of citizens
to all foreigners who shall have legally acquired the rights of citizens
agreeably to the federal and state constitutions, and the colonization laws.
Art. 2. Hereafter persons not born in the limits of the republic cannot
hold any office in the state, or be admitted to the popular meetings of the
same, or any other act wherein it is required by law to be a citizen in the
exercise of his rights, should they not possess the document mentioned in
article 1. Those compriesd in the 4th clause of article 18th of the con-
stitution are hereby excepted from said provision.
(409)