Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
303
still necessary to make on account of the anarchy that prevails by rea-
son of the open protection afforded by the general commandancy. Be-
sides, could a state long exist, whose officers are not paid their salaries,
or at least a part of their dues, should they not be paid with due punctu-
ality? Could it be reasonably expected that the general government
would purchase these lands at a time when its resources were exhausted,
and when all that it could offer to them would have been on account
of the contingent expense corresponding to the state, of which the liqui-
dation is pending.
The alienation of these lands has been on extraordinary measure of
finance, the object of which was to give vitality to the state when all
the avenues of the ordinary branches that form its public treasury were
obstructed. To destroy this measure at a single blow by provisions, im-
practicable, compromitting, and so extensive in their effect, is the same
as to annihilate the political existence of the state; to attack the sover-
eignty stipulated in the federal compact in respect to the internal ad-
ministration of everything pertaining to it throughout the whole ex-
tent of its territory. It is destroying the federal compact.
Eor all these considerations, and others that arise on examining the
subject in all its bearings, this legislature, exercising the prerogative con-
ferred by the constitution, offers to the deliberation of the general con-
gress the following,
INTRODUCTORY PROPOSITION.
The decree of the 25th of April last, annulling that of the legisla-
ture of Coahuila and Texas, of the 14th of March preceding, is hereby
repealed.
Hall of sessions of the congress of the state of Coahuila and Texas
at Monclova on the 13th of May, 1835.
A. de la V. y MONTES, President.
J. M. J. CARVAJAL, D. S.
J. A. TIJERINA, D. S.
Executive Department of the State of )
Coahuila and Texas. j
The Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to all the inhab-
itants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state has decreed
as follows:
DECREE No. 314.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
ART. 1. In the colonization contracts that are now pending, and re-
quired to be fulfilled in conformity to the law of the 24th of March,
1825, the additional article to the commissioner’s instructions of the 4th
of September, 1827, so far as it requires the consent and approbation of
the empresarios, shall not be in force.
(413)