Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
307
DECEEE No. 319.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. License is herby granted to Jose M. Carvajal for printing in
the Castilian and English languages the collection of all the laws, de-
crees and orders, dictated by the legislature of the state from the instal-
ation of the constituent congress, to the last term of the fourth consti-
tutional assembly, and also those which the present congress shall dictate.
Art. 2. Six years are likewise hereby granted him for selling them,
and during said term no other person shall be allowed that privilege.
Art. 3. The empresario shall deliver two hundred copies for the use
of the officers, and the authorities of the state.
Art. 4. The price at which they are to be sold to the public shall
be fixed at twenty rials a volume, of two hundred pages, in common
board binding.
Art. 5. The work shall be completed in one year from the grant of
the license.
Art. 6. The person interested, on his responsibility, shall take care
that the edition be exact, and shall sell no copy to the public until it
shall have been revised by a committee of congress.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
A. de la V. y MONTES, President.
J. A. TIJEEINA, D. S.
D. GEANT, D. S. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given in the city of Monclova on the 18th of Mav, 1835.
AUGUSTIN VIESCA.
J. M. IRALA, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of 1
Coahuila and Texas. 5
The constitutional Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to
all the inhabitants thereof: Be it known, that he congress of said state
has decreed as follows:
DECEEE No. 320.
The Congress of the State of Coahuila and Texas, has thought proper
to decree:
Art. 1. Ten sitios of grazing land, upon the opposite side of Eio
Bravo, of which the crossing called Pacuache, on the road leading to
Bexar, shall be the centre, are hereby granted to the inhabitants of the
town of Guerrero as joint property.
27 — VOL. 1.
(417)