308
Laws and Decrees of Coahuila and Texas.
Abt. 2. The executive shall take the proper measures in order that
the town, to which the concession is made, may receive possession of
the said lands.
Abt. 3. Articles 1, 2, 3, and 5th of the decree of the 8th of March
1834, are hereby repealed.
For its fulfilment, the Governor of the State shall cause it to be
printed, published, and circulated.
A. de la V. y MONTES, President.
J. M. J. CARVAJAL, D. S.
J. A. TIJERINA, D. S.
Wherefore I command it to be printed, published, circulated and duly
fulfilled.
Given in the city of Monciova on the 18th of May, 1835.
AUGUSTIN VIESCA.
J. M. IRALA, Secretary.
Executive Department of the State of ]
Coahuila and Texas. (
The constitutional Governor of the State of Coahuila and Texas, to
all the inhabitants thereof: Be it known, that the congress of said state
has decreed as follows:
DECREE No. 321.
The congress of the state of Coahuila and Texas, having considered
the different questions proposed by reason of doubt that has arisen, for
the better observance of decree number 8 of the 31st of August 1827,
has thought proper to decree the following explanatory and additional
articles.
Abt. 1. The following shall be considered stray animals. 1st.—
Those having unknown marks and brands. 2nd.—Those that shall ap-
pear only with brands that are counterbranded. 3rd.—Those taken from
' thieves, not having brands that are known. 4th.—Those of the same,
description taken from hostile Indians.
Abt. 2. Strays thus presented to the Alcaldes or Ayuntamientos shall
immediately be valued by competent judges, and deposited with respon-
sible persons, or those by whom they were taken, on giving the neces-
sary security.
Abt. 3. The persons with whom they are deposited shall be responsible
for their demerit or straying away, unless they prove themselves inculp-
able.
Abt. 4. The term for retaining stray animals in deposite, agreeably
to article 11 of the law No. 8, shall be reduced to three months, after
which the sale shall be proceeded to as therein provided. Large and small
stock, horsekind and mules, running wild, immediately on their presenta-
tion, shall be valued and offered for sale.
(418)